# S01E16 - The Deserter

## English

<div class="script">
      The Deserter

      Written By: Tim Hedrick
      Directed By: Lauren Macmullan
      Storyboard By: Lauren Macmullan, Ethan Spaulding, Dean Kelly, Jerry
      Langford
      Animation By: x
      Transcribers: Acastus

      Scene I

      (Opening shot of the forest floor. It seems to be late afternoon. A split
      second later, Momo appears. He looks around, and then jumps out of the
      frame. In the background, a blurry shadow scurries among the trees. Cut to
      a long shot of Momo flying through the forest canopy. The view pans down
      as he flies and comes to rest on a circular notice board. Appa and the
      kids are there inspecting it. Cut to a side view of Katara walking up to
      read the notice board, Sokka in the background emptying a food bag right
      into his mouth.)

      Katara: This should give us a good idea of what&#x27;s around here.
      Sokka (finishing with the empty bag): See if you can find a menu, I&#x27;m
      starving.

      (Aang rushes into the frame from the right and points at a colorful flyer
      on the board.)

      Aang: I bet we&#x27;ll find something to eat here! (Cut to a frontal shot of
      the flyer). The Fire Days Festival. (Reading the flyer.) Fire Nation
      cultural exhibits...jugglers, benders, magicians. This&#x27;d be a great place
      for me to study some real firebenders!
      Sokka (from other side of the board): You might wanna rethink that. Look
      at this.

      (Cut to a shot of the side of the board Sokka is looking at. The color
      flyer on top is a wanted poster of Aang. On the lower right is a wanted
      poster for the Blue Spirit. On the right is a wanted poster for a white
      haired man.)

      Aang: Hey, a poster of me!
      Sokka: A wanted poster. This is bad.

      (Aang takes the poster off the board as Katara comes and looks at it as
      well.)

      Katara: I think we better keep moving.
      Aang: I have to learn firebending at some point, and this could be my only
      chance to watch a master up close.
      Katara (looking at the ground, unsure): I guess we could check it out.
      Sokka: What!? You want to walk into a Fire Nation town where they&#x27;re all
      fired up with all their, you know, fire?
      Katara: We&#x27;ll wear disguises and if it looks like trouble, we&#x27;ll leave.

      (Katara and Aang walk over to Appa.)

      Sokka (to no one): Yeh, because we always leave before we get into
trouble.

      (Sokka turns and walks toward the others while the camera zooms up to the
      wanted poster for the white haired man. Cut to an overhead shot of the
      kids and Appa coming out of the forest on a slight hill. In the distance,
      the walled Fire Nation town can be seen. It is now dusk. Cut to Aang
      looking backwards to speak to Appa and Momo.)

      Aang: You guys stay out of sight here while we go to the festival.

      (Cut to a frontal shot of Appa, Momo perched on his neck. Momo then flies
      up and then drops down into a small bush nearby. Appa follows and tries to
      hide behind the bush, which is about a foot tall. Cut back to Aang, who
      turns to speak to his friends.)

      Aang: Ready disguises!

      (Cut to Sokka, who pulls down the hood of a black cloak over his head,
      then cut to Katara who does the same thing. Finally, cut to Aang, who has
      pulled his red hood up over the top of his head in a completely
      ineffective attempt to change his appearance. He sees his friends and
      grins in some embarrassment. Cut to Sokka, hands folded, with Katara
      laughing to his right.)

      Sokka (sarcastically): It&#x27;s like you&#x27;re a whole different person.
      Aang: Let&#x27;s go.

      (Cut to shot of them walking down the hill towards the town, then cut to a
      brief shot of a masked man, the shadow from earlier, watching them go to
      the town. Scene shifts to an overhead shot of the Fire Nation town and its
      main square, which is full of people. Overhead, the sky is filled with
      colorful fireworks. Cut to a frontal shot of the three entering the main
      square. Around them children frolic, revelers run by in ornate costumes,
      including several people almost completely concealed in a Chinese dragon
      outfit, and all participants are wearing colorful masks.)

      Katara: I think we need some new disguises.
      Sokka (skeptical and annoyed): Where are we gonna get masks like that?

      (Shot expands to show a stall selling masks on their right.)

      Mask Merchant: Get your genu-ine Fire Festival masks here!
      Sokka (as Aang and Katara rush over): That was surprisingly easy.

      (Cut to three turning away from the stall, each now wearing a mask. At
      first Sokka is wearing a happy mask and Aang a sad one. Katara switches
      them, revealing Sokka&#x27;s sour puss face and Aang&#x27;s wide smile. The masks
      now match the temperament of the owner. They walk into the square.)

      Aang (pointing ahead, o.c.): Hey, there&#x27;s some food.
      Sokka (running ahead): Finally! (To food merchant): What do you have?
      Food Merchant: Flaming fire flakes! Best in town.

      (Cut to a little steaming bag in the merchants hand. Sokka grabs them.)

      Sokka: I&#x27;ll take&#x27;em!

      (He stuffs them in his mouth, then starts screaming and blowing steam from
      his mouth. He partially removes his mask to cool his tongue.)

      Sokka: Aaahhh! Hot! Hot!
      Katara (Crossing her arms): &quot;Flaming fire flakes&quot; hot? What do you know.
      Aang (looking o.c. to his right): Hey, look at this.

      (Cut to the three walking up to a Punch &amp; Judy show that is about to
      begin. The audience is full of children. The curtain of the puppet stage
      draws open and a puppet of the Fire Lord appears. The audience cheers,
      then cut to a close up of the puppet.)

      Puppet Fire Lord: Don&#x27;t worry loyal citizens! No one can surprise the Fire
      Lord!

      (Behind him an earthbender puppet has risen up, with a rock at the ready
      to strike the Fire Lord Puppet. Cut to the children in the audience who
      start to cry out warnings. The Fire Lord puppet turns suddenly and torches
      the earthbender puppet with a huge gout of flame. The audience cheers. Cut
      to an overhead shot where the three turn away from the puppet show and
      head back towards another stage with a large crowd. On this stage there is
      a single performer.)

      Katara: Aang, hold on! Where are we going?
      Aang: I don&#x27;t know, but there&#x27;s a big crowd so it must be good.
      Sokka: Knowing the Fire Nation, it&#x27;s probably an execution.

      (Cut to a closer shot of the stage, which has four thin pillars with fire
      basins at their tops. The performer is a firebender who is manipulating
      fire for the crowd&#x27;s delight. He concludes by extinguishing his fire and
      producing a small flock of white birds who fly off the stage. Cut to the
      three, with Aang partially removing his mask to follow the flight of the
      birds. He looks ahead, a big smile on his face.)

      Aang: I gotta learn that trick!
      Performer (to the crowd): Thank you! For my next trick I need a volunteer
      from the audience!
      Aang (raising his hand and waving it about): Oh! Oh! Me! Me!
      Sokka: What do you think you&#x27;re doing?
      Aang: I want to get a closer look.
      Katara: It&#x27;s better that we don&#x27;t attract any attention to ourselves.
      Performer (pointing at Katara): How about you, little lady?
      Katara (backing away and shaking her head): Uh
      Performer: Awww, she&#x27;s shy. Leeet&#x27;s give her some encouragement, folks!

      (Someone from the audience pushes Katara over to the edge of the stage
      where the Performer grabs her and hauls her up.)

      Aang: Awww! That could&#x27;a been me.

      (View zooms into the crowd to show that the masked figure from earlier has
      penetrated the edges of the audience. Cut back to a long shot of the
      stage. The performer, carrying a chair, ushers Katara to the center of the
      stage. Once there he seats her on the chair.)

      Performer: This next trick is called &quot;Taming the Dragon.&quot; (To Katara) You
      will be my captured princess!

      (He ties her up with a maroon ribbon and begins to firebend a huge fire
      comet from the fires at the top of each pillar. He loops it close to
      Katara and back out. He seems to control it by a flame rope that connects
      its head to the Performer&#x27;s hand.)

      Performer: Don&#x27;t worry, young maiden! I will tame this fiery beast! (He
      plays with the fire comet for a bit more, then continues) It&#x27;s too strong,
      I can&#x27;t hold it!
      Aang: We gotta help her!
      Sokka: No, we don&#x27;t want to make a scene!
      Performer: The rope, it&#x27;s breaking!

      (The rope breaks and the comet charges right for Katara, who cringes and
      cries out. Shift to Aang airbending himself up and out of the frame, both
      Sokka and the masked man just failing to restrain him. Cut to a frontal
      shot of Katara in the chair. Aang drops in from the sky, turns and creates
      a whirlwind that dissipates the comet in with a shower of confetti.)

      Performer (from the stage floor where he&#x27;d fallen): Hey, you tryin&#x27; to
      upstage me, kid?

      (Cut to Aang, watching the confetti rain down on him. Zoom back to reveal
      the crowd which starts to &#x27;boo&#x27; him. Aang tries to amuse them with a lame
      dance while Sokka unties Katara in the background. Suddenly, someone
      speaks up.)

      Audience Member: Hey! That kid&#x27;s the Avatar!

      (Aang freezes, a look of horror on this face. Cut to three Fire Nation
      guards who turn to face the camera at the mention of his name. They begin
      muscling through the crowd to the stage. Cut back to the three who have
      now removed their masks.)

      Sokka: I think it&#x27;s time to go.
      Chey (from o.c.): Follow me! I can git ya outta here!

      (Camera pans right to reveal a broken wall at the back of the stage. The
      masked man waves to them through it, prompting them to follow.)

      Guard: There they are!

      (They run through the broken wall just as the guards burst onstage. The
      masked man throws a smoke bomb at the guards feet, obscuring the view. Cut
      to a few shots of the kids and the masked man running through squares and
      alleys.)

      Guard #2 (pointing at them as they pass): Over there!
      Aang: I&#x27;m calling Appa!

      (Groups of pursing guards link up behind them as Aang produces his bison
      whistle and blows.)

      Sokka: I hope he can really hear that bison whistle!
      Chey (turning into an alley): This way! (It&#x27;s a dead end.) Okay! Not this
      way!

      (They turn, but the exit is blocked by guards. The masked man throws
      another exploding smoke bomb and then run past them into another alley.
      This one is a dead too. It ends in a high wall. On the other side is a
      huge supply dump of fireworks. Cut to an overhead shot that reveals Appa
      has arrived just in time.)

      Aang: Appa! Down here!

      (Appa lands between the kids and the guards, with his tail facing the
      guards. Appa flaps his beaver like tail on the ground and the gale that
      results blows the guards out of the alley to land in a confused heap some
      distance away. As the guards run back into the alley, Appa can be seen
      already airborne. Cut to the masked man on Appa&#x27;s back. He bites the top
      off a some kind of bomb like object, whose fuse is now lit. He throws it
      at the fireworks supply and it blows up in an awesome display of colors
      and sounds. Cut to the masked man removing his hood as they cruise away,
      watching the town and the fireworks from afar.)

      Aang: Nice touch setting off the fireworks.
      Sokka: You seem to really know your explosives.
      Chey (turning to them): I&#x27;m familiar.
      Sokka (surprised): You&#x27;re a Fire Nation soldier!
      Chey: Was. My name&#x27;s Chey.

      (Cut to a night scene with Appa and the others around a camp fire. Appa is
      dozing.)

      Chey: I serve a man. More than a man really, he&#x27;s a myth, but he&#x27;s real, a
      living legend, Jeong Jeong the Deserter. He was a Fire Nation general, or
      wait, was he an admiral?
      Sokka: He was very highly ranked, we get it.
      Chey: Yeh! Way up there! But he couldn&#x27;t take the madness any more. He&#x27;s
      the first person ever to leave the army - and live. I&#x27;m the second, but
      you don&#x27;t get to be a legend for that. That&#x27;s okay though. Jeong Jeong&#x27;s a
      firebending genius. Some say he&#x27;s mad - but he&#x27;s not! He&#x27;s enlightened.
      Aang: You mean there&#x27;s a firebender out here who&#x27;s not with the Fire Lord?
      (Standing up) We&#x27;ve gotta go see him! He can train me!
      Sokka: We&#x27;re not gonna go find some crazy firebender!
      Chey (standing up): He&#x27;s not crazy! He&#x27;s a genius! And he&#x27;s the perfect
      person to train the Avatar! That&#x27;s why I followed you into the festival.
      Sokka (standing up): Look, thanks for the help, but we&#x27;re leaving for the
      north pole in the morning.
      Aang (hurt): Sokka, this could be my only chance to meet a firebending
      master who would actually be willing to teach me.
      Katara (standing up as well): It can&#x27;t hurt just to talk to him.
      Sokka: That&#x27;s what you said about going to the festival! Why doesn&#x27;t
      anyone ever listen to me!?

      (As Sokka turns to stalk away from the group, he almost runs right into a
      spear. In a flash, they are surrounded by men wearing straw hats and armor
      and wielding spears.)

      Lin Yi: Don&#x27;t move!

      Scene II

      (When the show returns, the kids and Appa are being led through the forest
      at night by the rebels.)

      Lin Yi: Jeong Jeong told you not to look for Avatar!
      Sokka: Hold on, you know these guys!?
      Chey: Oh yeh! Lin Yi&#x27;s an old buddy! Right Lin Yi?
      Lin Yi (lowering spear at Chey): Shut up! Keep moving.

      (They continue waling, fade to the same scene, but apparently some time
      later. It is still night. Down the hill, though, there is a little lean to
      shack.)

      Lin Yi: Go on. He sees you only.
      Chey: Oh that&#x27;s okay, we can chat later.
      Aang: Is that where Jeong Jeong is? I need to talk to him right away.

      (Aang begins to move forward, but it stopped by a spear shaft across his
      path.)

      Lin Yi: No! You wait there. (Pushing Chey forward roughly) Go now!
      Chey: Don&#x27;t worry! Everything&#x27;ll be fine. He&#x27;s a great man, great man!

      (Chey walks toward Jeong Jeong&#x27;s, the cut back to the Fire Nation town the
      kids just visited. Shift to the now deserted central square of the town
      where some local guards are being interrogated by Admiral Zhao who is
      flanked by a few guards.)

      Zhao: So, the Avatar was here and you let slip away?
      Officer: Yes, sir, but other than that the festival went off without a
      hitch! (A huge piece of burning walls falls in the background with a
      massive crash.) No fights. Theft was way down.
      Zhao: I don&#x27;t care about your local crime rates! Which way did they go?
      Officer (pointing): They headed into the forest, up the river I suspect.
      Zhao (to his guards, who turn to obey): Ready the river boats. We&#x27;re going
      after the Avatar.

      (Cut back to Chey exiting Jeong Jeong&#x27;s hut. He arrives back where Aang
      and the others are sleeping. Aang wakes up instantly as Chey approaches.)

      Aang: What happened? Can I see Jeong Jeong now?
      Chey (sitting down glumly): He won&#x27;t see you. He&#x27;s very angry that I
      brought you here. He wants you to leave immediately.
      Sokka (getting up on his elbows): Finally! Let&#x27;s hit the road. (He
      stretches back out again.)
      Aang: Why won&#x27;t he see me?
      Chey: He says you&#x27;re not ready. Says you haven&#x27;t mastered waterbending and
      earthbending yet.
      Aang: Wait, how does he know that?
      Chey: He saw the way you walked into camp. He can tell.
      Aang: I&#x27;m going in anyway!

      (Aang walks over to the entrance to Jeong Jeong&#x27;s hut. He takes a deep
      breath, parts the curtain, and walks into the darkness. Cut to a dark
      figure seated cross legged amidst a semicircle of candles, his back to
      Aang.)

      Jeong Jeong: Get out.
      Aang: Master, I need to learn firebending.
      Jeong Jeong: Only a fool seeks his own destruction.
      Aang (sitting down): I&#x27;m the Avatar. It&#x27;s my destiny to...
      Jeong Jeong: Destiny? What would a boy know of destiny? If a fish lives
      its whole life in this river, does he know the river&#x27;s destiny? No! Only
      that it runs on and on out of his control! He may follow where it flows,
      but he cannot see the end. He cannot imagine the ocean.
      Aang: Ookay, but it&#x27;s the Avatar&#x27;s duty to master all of the bending
      disciplines.
      Jeong Jeong: To master the bending disciplines, you must first master
      discipline itself. But you have no interest in this, so I have no interest
      in you! Now, get out.
      Aang: Please, I have to learn. This could be my only chance.
      Jeong Jeong (turning around to face Aang in anger): Are you deaf! How can
      I teach you if you refuse to listen? Before learning firebending you must
      learn water and earth. Water is cool and soothing, earth is steady and
      stable, but fire, fire is alive! It breathes, it grows, without a bender,
      a rock will not throw itself! But fire will spread and destroy everything
      in its path if one does not have the will to control it! That is its
      destiny! You are not ready! You are too weak!

      (At this final pronouncement the candles flame up around Jeong Jeong to
      illuminate the entire tent. When the flames go out, the screen is black.
      Then, a vision for Jeong Jeong begins, as one candle is seen lit in front
      of Jeong Jeong. The other candles have disappeared. Instead of the tent, a
      tree is in the background behind the Deserter. In front of him, stands
      Avatar Roku.)

      Avatar Roku: You think I am weak?
      Jeong Jeong: Avatar Roku! No! No! (inclining his head in respect) I did
      not mean that!
      Avatar Roku: I have mastered the elements a thousand times in a thousand
      lifetimes. Now, I must do it once again. You will teach the Avatar
      firebending.

      (At this final statement, cut to a wide shot of the two. Roku raises his
      left hand and the tree behind Jeong Jeong bursts into flame. Cut to a
      close of Jeong Jeong as the vision ends.)

      Jeong Jeong (coming out of his trance): Yes, yes, I will teach you.
      Aang: Really? That&#x27;s great!
      Jeong Jeong (looking at Aang&#x27;s enormous, cheesy smile): Ughhhhh.

      (Cut to a morning scene outside of Jeong Jeong&#x27;s hut. Sokka is sitting on
      a boulder by the river, fishing. The screen pans up the river where Katara
      is practicing waterbending and then to Aang and Jeong Jeong in front of
      the hut. Aang stands, bandy legged, on a flat stone in the river. Jeong
      Jeong stands a foot or two away on the bank in front of his hut.)

      Jeong Jeong: Widen your stance. (Aang complies.) Wider! Bend your knees.
      Now, concentrate. (Aang takes on an expression of concentration.) Good,
      good!
      Aang (as Jeong Jeong begins to walk away): Wait! What do I do now?
      Jeong Jeong (whipping around, Katara and Sokka visible in the background):
      Silence! Talking is not concentrating! Look at your friend, is she
      talking? (Then, pointing to Sokka) Even that oaf knows to concentrate on
      what he&#x27;s doing!
      Sokka (from afar): Hey!
      Aang: But what am I concentrating on?
      Jeong Jeong: Feel the heat of the sun. It is the greatest source of fire.
      Yet, it is in complete balance with nature!
      Aang (looking at the sun then turning back to Jeong Jeong, a large smile
      on his face): So when do I get to make some fire?
      Jeong Jeong: Concentrate!

      (Aang breathes deeply, and then flushes in embarrassment as he hears his
      friends laughing at him from behind. He turns to look at them, but they
      stop instantly, trying in vain to look innocent. Cut to a long shot of the
      figures in the distance climbing the slope of a mountain. Cut to a close
      up shot of Aang and his master walking up the path to the mountain&#x27;s
      summit.)

      Aang: Are we coming up here so I don&#x27;t burn anything with my fire blasts?
      Jeong Jeong: No fire yet.
      Aang (clearly disappointed and impatient): What?

      (Cut to both of them standing atop the mountain, the shot zooming backward
      to show the surrounding countryside.)

      Jeong Jeong: Power in firebending comes from the breath. That is why you
      must master proper breath control.
      Aang: You brought me up here to breathe?
      Jeong Jeong: Assume your stance.

      (Jeong Jeong turns away from him to look o.c. as Aang complies.)

      Jeong Jeong: Wider.
      Aang: You&#x27;re not even look...
      Jeong Jeong: Wider! Now, inhale through the nose and exhale through the
      mouth - without talking. (Aang obeys.) Good. Keep going.

      (The firebending master walks down the path and out of the frame as Aang
      continues to practice, a look of fierce concentration on his face. Then
      cut to a view of Aang&#x27;s lower body as he parts the curtain into Jeong
      Jeong&#x27;s candle lit hut and enters.)

      Jeong Jeong (from o.c.): What are you doing here!? I did not tell you to
      stop!
      Aang: I&#x27;ve been breathing for hours.
      Jeong Jeong: You want to stop breathing?
      Aang (angrily throwing his hands wide in a gesture of frustration): I want
      you to stop wasting my time! I already know how to squat and breathe and
      feel the sun. (Here he makes semi-disrespectful gestures mimicking each of
      the activities that Jeong Jeong has insisted he practice.) I want to know
      how to shoot fire out of my fingertips!
      Jeong Jeong (lowering his head): Ughhhh. I had a pupil once who had no
      interest in learning discipline. He was only concerned with the power of
      fire - how he could use it to destroy his opponents and wipe out the
      obstacles in his path., but fire is a horrible burden to bear. Its nature
      is to consume and without control it destroys everything around it.

      (During Jeong Jeong&#x27;s monologue, the view cuts to a shot sequence of Zhao
      and his men moving up the river on their boats. They are attacked by some
      of Jeong Jeong&#x27;s rebels, but Zhao wipes them out with a wall of flame and
      a cruel smile. As the boat travel upstream, the forest fire that Zhao has
      just started rages freely in the background. It is clear that Zhao was
      Jeong Jeong&#x27;s undisciplined former student. Fade back to Jeong Jeong
      pouring himself some tea.)
      Jeong Jeong: Learn restraint, or risk destroying yourself and everything
      you love.

      (Aang exits the tent. Fade to sometime later, where Jeong Jeong exits his
      hut to stand in front of Aang, whose head is lowered. The Avatar sits in
      repose on the stone near the river bank in front of the hut. Leaves fall
      around them.)

      Aang: I thought about what you said. I promise I&#x27;ll be more patient.
      Jeong Jeong: We&#x27;re going to work with fire now.
      Aang: Oh yeh!

      (Aang immediately explodes in excitement and happy music plays. He
      airbends himself in a few quick loops in the air, then freezes,
      remembering his promise. He lands back on the stone, puts his hands behind
      his back and assumes a serious expression.)

      Aang: I mean, let us begin.

      (Cut to closer shot of Jeong Jeong who catches one of the falling leaves
      in his left hand. He holds it between his thumb and forefinger. He begins
      to burn a tiny hole in it at the point of contact.)

      Jeong Jeong: Concentrate on the fire. I want you to keep this flame from
      reaching the edges of the leaf for as long as you can.

      (The hole is spreading with the flame even as Aang assumes his stance and
      begins to concentrate. Suddenly the shot widens to show that a rebel guard
      has approached the pair.)

      Rebel: Master! There is trouble.
      Aang: What&#x27;s going on?
      Jeong Jeong (leaving with guard): Concentrate on your leaf.

      (Cut to Aang&#x27;s face in the foreground, Katara in the background by the
      river&#x27;s edge nearby.)

      Aang (petulantly): This is the worst firebending instruction ever. All he
      does is leave me alone for hours to concentrate or breathe.
      Katara: I&#x27;m sure there&#x27;s a good reason.
      Aang: But I&#x27;m ready to do so much more.

      (Suddenly Aang&#x27;s face lights up with an idea. Cut to his legs, where he
      widens his stance, then cut to his upper body, where he begins to breathe.
      He still holds the leaf, which begins to smoke. Suddenly, the leaf bursts
      into flame and disintegrates. Aang is now holding a fireball in his hand.)

      Aang: I did it! I made fire!
      Katara (coming closer): Aang, that&#x27;s great, but you should take it slow.

      (Aang&#x27;s expression gets annoyed at this comment, and the flame instantly
      gets bigger. He and Katara are surprised.)

      Katara: Careful!

      (Aang retains control and reduces the flame to its former size, but not
      before almost falling into the river.)

      Aang: Now that&#x27;s firebending!

      (Aang then shoots a whip of flame o.c., and then begins to juggle his ball
      of flame happily.)

      Katara: Aang, you&#x27;ll hurt yourself!
      Aang (continuing to play): Wonder how that juggler did it?

      (Aang loops the ball around him. It begins a complete circle around him
      and he pushes it outward. The shockwave of flame engulfs Katara and burns
      her hands which she has raised to protect her face. She cries out in pain.
      Cut to a shot from behind Katara who has crumpled to her knees, hands
      wrapped around her.)

      Aang: Katara! (He hops over to her as she cries pitifully) I&#x27;m so sorry!
      Sokka (rushing into the frame): Katara, what&#x27;s wrong!? (To Aang, angrily)
      What did you do?
      Aang: Iiiit was an accident! I was... Katara, I&#x27;m so -

      (Sokka cuts him off as he grabs Aang and tackles him to the ground just as
      Aang tried to put a hand on Katara&#x27;s shoulder.)

      Sokka: I told you we shouldn&#x27;t mess around with this! Look what you did!
      You burned my sister!

      (Katara gets up and runs away. Cut to Aang who looks on, stunned, as she
      exits. Fade to commercial break.)

      Scene III

      (Opening shot of Aang still lying on the grass of the river bank where
      Sokka tackled him. He looks o.c., a scared and lost look on his face. Cut
      to wider shot of Sokka standing over him, still very angry.)

      Sokka: You burned my sister! (Shot widens more to show Jeong Jeong has
      returned. Then, to Jeong Jeong) This is all your fault!
      Jeong Jeong: I know. Now pack your things. You must leave immediately.
      Aang: I&#x27;m sorry, I didn&#x27;t... (Sokka walks away) I&#x27;m sorry!

      (Aang looks up at Jeong Jeong who has walked over to him. He looks
      implacable. He turns and walks away leaving Aang alone. Shift to a late
      afternoon shot of the hills, then cut to Katara crying by the river bank.
      She looks at her hands, they are burned. She puts them in the water. The
      pain intensifies, then she feels some relief. Her eyes open in surprise as
      she looks down. Her hands glow white underneath the water. She raises them
      out and they stop glowing. The burns are gone. She looks at her hands in
      amazement.)

      Jeong Jeong (from o.c.): You have healing abilities. (She turns to see
      Jeong Jeong approaching from behind.) The great benders of the water tribe
      sometimes have this ability. (He sits next to her) I&#x27;ve always wished I
      were blessed like you - free from this burning curse.
      Katara: But you&#x27;re a great master. You have powers I&#x27;ll never know.
      Jeong Jeong: Water brings healing and life. But fire brings only
      destruction and pain. It forces those of us burdened with its care to walk
      a razor&#x27;s edge between humanity and savagery. Eventually, we are torn
      apart.

      (Suddenly the water is front of them is blasted with gouts of flame. Jeong
      Jeong rises quickly to a defensive bending stance and breaks the flames
      that wash over him and Katara. Cut to a frontal shot of Zhao&#x27;s riverboats
      bearing down on them, then cut back to Katara and the firebending master.)

      Jeong Jeong: Go get your friends and flee! (She complies.) Do not come
      back here or you will all be destroyed. Hurry!

      (Jeong Jeong turns back to face the boats which are shooting fireballs at
      him. They land harmlessly all around him. Cut to Zhao looking ahead
      through a telescope from the main deck of his ship. He lowers it and
      smiles. Cut back to Jeong Jeong who, with a few powerful motions, produces
      an awesome wall of fire perhaps a hundred feet across the entire river in
      front of the ships. Cut to overhead shot of the ships, which turn to
      starboard and move to land on the nearby beach. Cut to the water in front
      of the beach. Zhao drops down into view.)

      Zhao: Don&#x27;t worry, men. My old teacher gave up fighting a long time ago.

      (Cut to Jeong Jeong behind the wall of fire. Suddenly, Zhao parts the wall
      just enough for him to walk through.)

      Zhao: Master Jeong Jeong.

      (Cut to a close of Jeong Jeong&#x27;s face, then a wide shot as he drops the
      wall of fire. Then cut to Katara running up to where Sokka is preparing
      Appa to leave. He turns to his sister.)

      Sokka: Katara! Are you all right?
      Katara: I&#x27;m fine, we&#x27;ve got to get out of here. Where&#x27;s Aang?

      (Sokka thumbs in the direction of the hut. Cut to Katara running down the
      hill path to Jeong Jeong&#x27;s hut. It is clear now that Jeong Jeong&#x27;s hut
      rests on a little island in the river and is approachable by a small foot
      bridge. Cut to Katara entering the hut through the curtain. Inside, Aang
      sits amidst the candles, back to the entrance.)

      Aang: Jeong Jeong tried to tell me that I wasn&#x27;t ready. I wouldn&#x27;t listen.
      I&#x27;m never going to firebend again.
      Katara: You&#x27;ll have to eventually.
      Aang: No, never again.
      Katara: It&#x27;s okay, Aang. I&#x27;m healed.
      Aang: What? How?
      Katara: I&#x27;ll explain later. But right now, we have to get out here. Zhao
      and his soldiers are attacking!
      Aang (airbending himself to his feet): Where?
      Katara: By the river. They captured Jeong Jeong.
      Aang (running out of the hut): I have to help him!

      (Shift to an overhead shot of the beach. Zhao and his men stand against
      the lone Master, then cut to a closer shot.)

      Zhao: Look at you. You were once so great. I can&#x27;t believe my former
      master has become nothing more than a simple savage.
      Jeong Jeong: It is you who have embraced savagery, Zhao.
      Zhao: It&#x27;s Admiral Zhao, now.
      Jeong Jeong: That title will not help you against the Avatar. Do not try
      to fight him! You are no match!
      Zhao (laughing): I think I can handle a child.
      Jeong Jeong: I have never seen such raw power.
      Aang (from o.c. ): Jeong Jeong!
      Zhao: We&#x27;ll see. Men! Take the deserter!

      (Cut to overhead shot of Jeong Jeong surrounded by five of Jeong Jeong&#x27;s
      spearmen. Aang tops short in horror as they close in. Jeong Jeong smiles
      and wraps himself in a massive bal of flame. When it dissipates, he is
      gone.)

      Zhao (angrily): It&#x27;s a trick! He&#x27;s run off into the woods. Find him!
      (Turning to Aang.) Let&#x27;s find out what my old master has taught you.
      Aang: YOU were Jeong Jeong&#x27;s student?
      Zhao: Until I got bored.

      (He launches a fireball at Aang, who dodges that and another.)

      Zhao: I see he taught you how to duck and run like a coward. But I doubt
      he showed you what a firebender is truly capable of!

      (He launches another fireball at Aang. It flies over Aang&#x27;s head as the
      Avatar produces a flat, spinning whirlwind of air underneath him and
      balances himself on top of it with one finger.)

      Aang: Whoa! Wild shot!
      Zhao: I&#x27;ll show you wild!

      (He fires several more volleys which Aang either dodges or breaks with
      airbending. Zhao&#x27;s blasts have torched much of the surrounding forest and
      the sky fills with smoke.)

      Aang (to himself): No self control...

      (Cut to Aang&#x27;s p.o.v., he looks over at the boats then back at Zhao.)

      Zhao: Stand and fight, Avatar!
      Aang: Oh, were we fighting? I thought you were just getting warmed up.
      Zhao: I was!

      (He fires many more volleys, all of which miss.)

      Aang: Is that all you got? Man, they&#x27;ll make anyone an admiral these days!

      (Zhao launches another errant fire blast with a dreadful noise of
      frustration. Aang airbends himself up onto one of the ships.)

      Aang: Ahoy! (Sticking his butt out at the admiral and wiggling it
      suggestively) I&#x27;m Admiral Zhao!

      (Cut to Zhao who looks angry and then makes another noise of frustration.
      He jump up onto the main deck and launches a blast of fire. It sets the
      bridge on fire, but Aang jumps off unharmed to the aft section. He jumps
      the aft section of the next ship.)

      Aang: I don&#x27;t know why, but I thought you&#x27;d be better than Zuko.

      (Aang looks disappointed when he says this and hangs his arms by his
      sides, letting them dangle. His eyes go wide and he falls flat on the deck
      fast, though, as wall of fire passes over him. Cut to a view of the second
      ship guard railing. Zhao is visible through it on the deck of the first
      ship. He has just blasted a hole through the guard rail of both ships with
      the wall of fire Aang just avoided.)

      Aang: Sloppy. Very sloppy.

      (Crying in frustration, Zhao follows Aang around the boats, spreading fire
      to each of them in his vain effort to get Aang. Momentarily out of Zhao&#x27;s
      sights, Aang hides behind one of the deck cabins. Zhao lands behind him,
      however, having jumped down from the top of the deck cabin. Aang turns to
      face him.)

      Zhao: No wonder to run now, you little smart mouth!

      (He launches a fire bolt, which Aang dodges by flipping over Zhao&#x27;s head
      to land behind him. The bridge of the third and last ship is now on fire.)

      Aang: You&#x27;ve lost this battle.

      (Aang airbends himself into the air as Zhao sets fire to the third ship&#x27;s
      prow.)

      Zhao: Are you crazy? You haven&#x27;t thrown a single blow!
      Aang (motioning to his left): No, but you have.

      (Zhao looks to his left and grimaces. Cut to wide, overhead shot of the
      three ships on fire. The first is now sinking fast into the river.)

      Aang: Jeong Jeong said you had no restraint.

      (Aang hops off the prow of the third ship. Cut back to Zhao who screams in
      frustration, the shift back wide shot of the two remaining ships which
      continue to burn. Cut back to a close up shot of the river. Aang breaks
      the surface of the water and, cupping his hand to his mouth, shouts o.c.)

      Aang: Have a nice walk home!
      Sokka (from o.c. : Aang, come on!

      (Cut a shot from behind Aang, who is now looking at the river bank beach.
      Appa is there with the others on his back. Aang runs over, hops on Appa
      and they take off. Cut to Aang in Appa&#x27;s driver&#x27;s seat.)

      Aang: Wait! Where&#x27;s Jeong Jeong?
      Sokka: He disappeared. They all did.

      (Cut to sliding overhead shot of Jeong Jeong&#x27;s now empty compound, then
      cut to Chey walking along the forest path approach to the compound.)

      Chey: Hey, where did everybody go? Very funny guys!

      (Camera zooms backward into a long, overhead shot of Chey, before cutting
      to Zhao standing waist deep in the river watching his ships burn. Cut to a
      close of his chagrined face before he lowers his gaze. Switch to side shot
      of Appa flying through the clouds around sunset. Cut to a closer shot of
      the kids in Appa&#x27;s saddle.)

      Katara: Aang, you&#x27;re burned.

      (He looks down in wonder to see that she is right. His sleeves are torn
      open and there are burn marks.)

      Katara: Let me help you.

      (She opens her water bottle and wraps some water around her hand. It glows
      white again. She places it over the burned area , breathes and
      concentrates. When she lets go the wound is healed.)

      Aang: Wow! That&#x27;s good water.
      Sokka: When did you learn how to do that?
      Katara (shrugging): I guess I always knew.
      Sokka: Oh... well then thanks for all the first aid over the years. Like
      when I fell into the grease briar bramble and that time I had two fish
      hooks in my thumb!
      Aang: Two?
      Katara: He tried to get the first fish hook out with another fish hook.

      (Cut to Appa flying them through the late afternoon sky. Sokka continues.)

      Sokka: Oh, and the time that big snake bit me! Thanks for healing that up.
      That was great. Really helpful.
</div>

## 中文

<div class="script">
第十六回
义军

咱们看看导游图吧，上面肯定会介绍周围的好去处的
看看附近有没有小餐馆，我都饿死了
看，烈火国传统美食节
那儿肯定有好吃的
美食节上有烈火国文化展览，耍把式、卖艺的应有尽有
没准我可以在那儿学上两招御火术
咱们还得三思而后行，看看这儿
嘿，有我的海报呢
是个悬赏告示，看起来不妙啊
我看咱们还是继续赶路的好
我知道很危险，可是我必须要掌握御火术
我没有老师可拜，这也许是我偷师学艺的唯一机会了
我想我们也只好舍命陪君子了
什么？你们居然要大摇大摆的进火宗的城镇，
你知道那可是他们最爱玩的? h-uo,火!
咱们乔装进城，有麻烦就赶快撩
撩? 在这儿想跑,哪儿会那么容易?
（原来官方翻译 bluespirit 为 蓝神，神？
算了，当我没看见，嘿嘿）
-=缉拿=-
铮铮,前烈火国船长,年六十,
白发,貌似柔顺,
实善御火术,捕者慎之
(王字旁的那个zheng字怎么没找到?错别字?)
你俩就留在这儿吧，我们去美食节逛逛就回来
开始乔装打扮吧~
你这回乔装得还真是成功呢~
咱们走吧
看来咱们得升级一下伪装装备
到哪能搞到这些面具呢？
快来买啊，正宗的烈火祭面具啊！
得来全不费功夫~
看，那儿有卖吃得的
终于盼到了
你这儿有啥好吃的
“烈焰玉米片”，全城最好的就是我这家了
来包尝尝~
啊~~烫！烫！
没告诉你那叫“烈焰玉米片”吗？能不烫吗？
来啊，快看这个
我的子民们，别担心！没人会是我烈火王的对手
安昂，走慢点，你要去哪儿啊？
我也不知道，但是有人群的地方节目一定错不了
火宗的人能有啥欣赏品位，
八成都在那儿围着看杀头呢~
我得学会这招
多谢大家捧场，下一个环节我想请一位观众与我合作
-这儿呢，这儿呢，选我，选我
-别惹事了，低调，低调
-我想近距离观察一下
-咱们最好不要引起别人的注意，老实儿的啊
这位小姐，请你上台来吧
哇，她害羞了。大家给她鼓励鼓励吧
就知道说我，你自己咋不低调哩
现在给大家表演的是“降龙”
（Taming the Dragon，驯服龙；降，xiang）
你就扮演被囚禁的公主吧
别担心，年轻的女士！我会降服这凶猛的野兽的
它太强了，我坚持不住了
咱们得帮帮她
别去，不是告诉你让你低调吗？
天哪，缰绳被挣断了
嘿，你个小破孩，居然跟我抢戏
嘿，那个小孩就是降世神通
风紧，扯户~
跟我来，我带你们离开这儿
他们在那儿！
那儿呢，哪儿呢
我把阿柏叫来
都听不到声，也不知道你吹得到底管不管用
这边走
看来这边过不去了
阿柏，来这儿
多亏了你点燃了这些焰火
你好象对这些焰火很了解
-是啊，我相当熟悉了
-你是个火宗士兵！
曾经是，在下姓崔
我现在听命于一个人的麾下，这个人可不是一般人，
他简直就是个传奇，但他又是个活生生，
他是个有血有肉的传奇，义军首领铮铮
他曾是烈火国的一名将军，确切的说是上将
你就说他曾经是个大官不就得了
没错，虽然身居显位，但他无法再
忍受火宗的暴戾，毅然决然的离开了
他是能够活着离开火宗军队的第一人
我是第二人，但永远只能望其项背，
他简直就是一个神话
铮铮简直就是一个御火术奇才
有人说他是个疯子，不，他决不是
从师于他，你将受益匪浅
你是说他是个御火师，可是却不与烈火王为伍？
我们得去见他，可以求他授我御火术
咱们可不能去找那个疯御火师
他不是个疯子，他是个天才
他是训练降世神通的不二人选
这也是为何我随你们潜入美食节的原因
多谢你的帮助，但我们去意已决，明早就启程去北极
索卡，这可能是我学习御火术的唯一机会了
除了他哪还会有人教我
只是去跟他谈谈，不会有事的
去美食节之前你们也是这么说的，
怎么就没有人听我的呢
谁都别动！
铮铮叫你别去找降世神通
等等，你认识这些人？
认识，我和 林毅（Lin Yi）是老相识了，对吧
闭嘴，赶紧走
进去吧，他只见你一个
没关系，我们可以少后再谈
那就是铮铮的军帐吗？我现在就得跟他谈谈
不行，你得在这儿等着
你赶紧进去
别担心，不会有事的，他可是个伟人，伟人
这么说，降世神通之前来过，而你们却让他给了？
是的，长官，但是美食节确是圆满的结束了
无人斗殴闹事，偷盗现象也少多了
你们当地的犯罪治安情况，我可不感兴趣
他们往哪儿跑了
他们逃进了树林，应该是顺河流向上逃窜
准备船只，跟我去追降世神通
怎么样？我现在能见铮铮吗？
他不想见你，他很生气我把你带来
他希望你们立刻离开
太好了，咱们赶紧上路吧
为什么他不想见我
他说你还没有掌握好御水术和御土术
现在见你还为时太早，时机不对
他说你还没有掌握好御水术和御土术
现在见你还为时太早
等等，他是怎么知道的？
他观察了你走进营地时的步态，得出的结论
无论如何我都要进去
给我出去
大师，我需要学习御火术
你这是在自取毁灭
-我是降世神通，这是我的命运...
-你也跟我谈命运？
一个乳臭未干的小毛孩跟我谈命运？
鱼一生都生活在江河中，它又对江河的命运了解多少
答案是一无所知，只有当它
脱离了水对它的束缚的时候才会顿悟
如果它选择继续随波逐流，
永远也不会看到江河的全貌
更无法想象大海的广阔
（不识庐山真面目，只缘身在此山中）
您说的是没错，但是降世神通
的责任就在于要完成有御术的修炼
然而要完成御术的修炼，你先要知道何谓“修炼”
你看来对“修炼”二字并不感冒，就像我对你一样
所以，你还是走吧
拜托了，我想学习，这是我学习御火术的唯一机会了
你是不是聋了！连我的话你
都听不进去，我又怎么能教你
在你学习御火术之前，你必须先掌握好水和土两种元素
“水”性寒而柔，“土”则质硬而坚
而火则不同，它是有生命的
即使没有御火师的操控
它仍然可以呼吸，可以增长，而土则不行
所以如果没有意志能够控制火
它将肆意蔓延，所到之处万物皆损
这才是火的命运！你还没有准备好
你现在还太弱
你认为我很弱？
神通罗库！不，不，我不是那个意思
在数千个轮回中，我也已经掌握这几个元素数千次了
现在，我必须再学一回。
你要教会现在的我学会御火术
是的，遵命，我会倾囊相授
真的吗？那太好了
腿要与肩同宽
再宽点
膝盖要向前顶
现在，集中精神
-不错，就是这样
-等等，我现在该干什么呢？
别说话，说话还能集中精神吗？
看看你得朋友，你看她练功时说话了吗？
就连那个呆子都知道集中精力在他做的事情上
（索卡：为什么受伤的总是我）
至少您应该告诉我该集中精力干什么啊？
感受来自太阳的热量
虽然太阳是火之源泉，但他却能与自然和谐共处
那我什么时候才能造点火出来呢？
集中精神！
咱们爬这么高，是怕我弄出的火球烧着其他东西吧
现在玩火还不是时候
还不是时候？
御火术的力量源自呼吸
所以你必须学会如何正确的调理气息
你把我带到这儿就为了呼吸？
接着蹲马步
-再宽点
-你都没看，怎...
-再宽点！
现在，用鼻吸气，用嘴呼气
不许说话
不错，继续
你到这儿来干什么？谁叫你停下来的
我都呼吸了好几个小时了
你难道不想呼吸了？
教我点正经的吧，别浪费时间了
蹲马步，呼吸和晒太阳我都已经学会了
我想学会如何从指尖发出火焰
唉，我曾经有个学生对修炼也是毫无兴趣
他只在乎如何用火的力量击败他的对手
如何清除挡住他的障碍
但是火终究是一个骇人的负担
火的本性就是肆意损耗、毁掉周围的一切
学会控制，才不会惹火上身，才不会毁掉你所爱的一切
你的话让我如梦方醒，我保证我会更加耐心的
现在我来教你如何御火吧
...好吧，嗯，咱们开始吧
集中精力在火上
我希望你尽可能的保持火焰远离边缘，越久越好
主人，有麻烦了
发生什么事了？
别多管闲事，看好你的树叶
他这个导师也当的太轻松了
动不动就让我集中精神或是练习呼吸，
一做就是几个小时，而他却没影了
我想他这么做肯定有他的道理
我现在已经准备好学习更多的东西了
我做到了，我弄出火来了
安昂，太棒了，但是你还是应该慢慢来
小心
看我的御火术
安昂，小心别伤到自己
那个变戏法的是怎么做的来着？
卡塔拉，你没事吧
卡塔拉，出什么事了？你都干了些什么？
我...我不是故意的，我...
卡塔拉，我真的很...
我告诉过你不要乱来的，看看你都做了什么，
你竟然烧伤了我妹妹
你烧伤了我的妹妹
这都是你的错
我知道，赶紧收拾你们的东西，快离开这儿
对不起，我不是有... 对不起
你居然拥有治愈的本领
水族中优秀的御水师中，会有一些人拥有这种本领
我一直希望能像你这样，远离这灼烧的诅咒
你可是位宗师啊，
你的力量我们永远也无法企及
水可以治愈并带来生命，而火只会带来毁灭和伤痛
它迫使我们如履薄冰的行走在...
...人性和野蛮分界线上
煎熬着，直到我们被它撕成碎片
去找你的朋友吧，赶快离开这里
再也别回来了，不然你们都会被毁灭的。快走！
别担心，我的老师不足所惧，
他早就解甲归田了
好久不见啊，铮铮老师
卡塔拉，你没事吧？
我很好，咱们得赶快离开这儿
安昂在哪儿？
铮铮曾试图告诉我，我还没有准备好
可我却没有听进去
我以后再也不用御火术了
-你将来必然要掌握御火术
-不，我再也不会用了
-没事的，安昂，我治愈了
-真的吗？是怎么做到的？
过后再跟你解释，现在咱们得赶紧离开这里
赵 带兵来抓咱们了
-他们在哪儿？
-已经到河边了，他们困住了铮铮
我得去帮帮他
你怎么落到这种田地了，你可曾是一代宗师啊
真不敢相信，我的老师竟然
流落于蛮荒之地，变成了一个流浪汉
你错了，赵，你才是走上野蛮之路的人
我现在可是赵上将
那只不过就是个称号而已
不要妄想试图与降世神通交手，
你不是他的对手
小小毛孩，有何所惧
我从未见过如此强大的力量
铮铮！
我倒要瞧瞧他能厉害到哪去
来人，把叛军给我抓起来
这只不过是个障眼法而已，
他往树林里跑了，找到他！
我倒要看看我的老师都教了你什么好本领
你曾是铮铮的学生？
他教得老无聊了~
像个小丑一样躲什么，这招肯定是他交给你的吧
让你见识见识真正的御火师是什么样
-哇哦，打偏了
-别得意，看招
不能自我控制......
降世神通，你倒是出招啊！
咱们已经打上吗？我还以为你刚才只是热热身而已
少废话
你就这点能耐啊
天哪，现在想当个上校也太容易了
啊呵，我就是赵上校
我也不知道为什么，不过我想你还是比祖寇要厉害
真是花拳绣腿啊，不中用啊，不中用
看你还往哪跑，光会耍嘴皮子可救不了你
认输吧
叫我认输？你打都没打一下
没错，不过多亏了你啊~
铮铮说得没错，你只知用蛮力而不懂得控制
看来你得步行回家了
安昂，走啦~
等等，铮铮去哪了？
他消失了，整个义军也都不见了
嘿，大家都去哪了？别开玩笑了，出来吧
安昂，你被烧伤了
让我来帮帮你
哇哦，还真有你的
你是怎么学会的？
我想我天生就会吧
啊，是吗？那怎么没见你给我急救啊？
我掉进油棘灌木时你咋不帮我治疗，
还有那次两个鱼钩都扎进我的拇指里了
怎么会是两个？
他想用另一个鱼钩把先扎进的鱼钩给挑出来
还有那回我都被一条大蛇给咬了，
你咋不说给我治治呢
你真行啊，我可记住你了
-=未完待续=-

水善国
土强国
火烈国
气和国
很久以前，这四大国和谐共处
然而，烈火国发起的战争结束了和平
只有同时掌握四种元素的降世神通才能结束战争
然而在大家最需要他的时候，他却消失了
年后，我和哥哥发现了转世的降世神通，
他是个御气师，名叫“安昂”
尽管他的御气术着实厉害
在拯救苍生之前，他要学的还有很多
但是我坚信
安昂 能拯救这个世界

-=降世神通=-
最后的气宗

第一卷
水
</div>
