# S01E03 - The Southern Air Temple

## English

```text
      The Southern Air Temple

      Written By: Michael Dante Dimartino
      Directed By: Lauren Macmullen
      Storyboard By: Li Hong, Lauren Macmullen, and Ethan Spaulding
      Animation By: DR Movie
      Transcriber: Acastus




      Act I

      (Scene opens with a view of the sun rising over a lake. The camera pans
      left to where Appa and the group are on the lake shore. One of the members
      is apparently asleep in a Water Tribe sleeping bag on the ground. Appa is
      standing, grazing slowly, while a small fire casts a plume of smoke.
      Switch to a close of up of Appa with Aang facing the camera, sitting in
      Appa's "driver's seat." Katara is up in the passenger section doing some
      kind of work.)

      Aang: (while adjusting Appa's reins) Wait 'til you see it, Katara. The Air
      Temple is one of the most beautiful places in the world.
      Katara: (cautious) Aang, I know you're excited, but it's been a hundred
      years since you've been home.
      Aang: That's why I'm so excited!
      Katara: It's just that a lot can change in all that time.
      Aang: I know, but I need to see it for myself.

      (Aang floats down from Appa's back and walks over to Sokka, who is snoring
      peacefully in his sleeping bag on the ground.)

      Aang: Wake up, Sokka! Air Temple here we come!

      (Sokka awakens, making groggy noises.)

      Sokka: Sleep now... temple later...

      (He rolls over and begins to snore again. Camera switches back to Aang;
      his eyes blink accompanied by an audio effect. He is clearly not pleased.
      A mischievous grin spreads over his face as he gets an idea. Aang picks up
      a stick as Katara watches from atop Appa's back.)

      Aang: Sokka! Wake up! (He begins to run the stick up and down Sokka's
      sleeping bag.) There's a prickle snake in your sleeping bag!
      Sokka: (startled) Aaahhh! Get it off! Get it off! Aaahhh!

      (Sokka hops around in his sleeping bag until he loses his balance and
      falls flat on his face. Katara laughs at him. Sokka looks very irritated.)

      Aang: (pokes his head out from behind Sokka.) Great! You're awake. Let's
      go.

      (Scene fades to a view of a Fire Nation naval yard. Tents and buildings
      line the right side of the screen, ships line the left and what looks like
      a railroad line runs down the middle. The screen pans left, eventually
      resting on Zuko's damaged ship. It is much smaller than the other Fire
      Nation ships. The prow of Zuko's ship has been opened, its spout lying on
      the floor of the navy yard. Two figures have walked down the spout and are
      entering the naval yard itself. Switch to a close up of Zuko and Iroh as
      they walk into the yard.)

      Zuko: Uncle, I want the repairs made as quickly as possible. I don't want
      to stay too long and risk losing his trail.
      Iroh: You mean the Avatar?
      Zuko: (turning on his uncle angrily) Don't mention his name on these
      docks! Once word gets out that he's alive every firebender will be out
      looking for him and I don't want anyone getting in the way.
      Zhao: (from offscreen) Getting in the way of what, Prince Zuko?

      (Zuko and Iroh turn to face the camera with somewhat surprised
      expressions. Cut to Zhao as he approaches them, still speaking. Pan out to
      show the meeting of the three; Zhao's hands are clasped behind his back
      authoritatively.)

      Zuko: (with distaste) Captain Zhao.
      Zhao: It's Commander now. And General Iroh-- (he bows to Iroh) --great
      hero of our nation.
      Iroh: Retired general.
      Zhao: The Fire Lord's brother and son are welcome guests any time. What
      brings you to my harbor?
      Iroh: Our ship is being repaired.

      (The screen expands as Iroh gestures at the heavily damaged bow of Zuko's
      ship.)

      Zhao: That's quite a bit of damage.
      Zuko: Yes... you wouldn't believe what happened. (He gives his uncle a
      sideways glance and immediately passes the buck.) Uncle! Tell Commander
      Zhao what happened.

      (Iroh's eyes go wide and an audio effect is heard as he blinks in response
      to the burden Zuko has just placed on him.)

      Iroh: Yes, I will do that. It was incredible. (Leans over and whispers to
      Zuko.) What... did we crash or something?
      Zuko: (uncomfortable) Uh, yes! Right into an Earth Kingdom ship.
      Zhao: Really? You must regale me with all the thrilling details. (He
      smiles and puts his face right up to Zuko's in an obvious challenge.) Join
      me for a drink?
      Zuko: Sorry, but we have to go.

      (Zuko turns to leave, but Iroh places a hand on his shoulder and stops
      him.)

      Iroh: Prince Zuko, show Commander Zhao your respect. (Turning to Zhao.) We
      would be honored to join you. Do you have any ginseng tea? It's my
      favorite.

      (Zuko growls in frustration and releases fire from his fists angrily as he
      turns to follow Zhao and Iroh down the dock.)

      (Switch to view of Appa's back, Aang and Katara up front, Sokka in the
      passenger saddle. The camera pans in on Sokka slowly and then switches to
      a close up of Sokka's stomach, which growls.)

      Sokka: (annoyed) Hey, stomach, be quiet, all right? I'm trying to find us
      some food.

      (He searches the food bag and dumps it out onto his glove. Only a few
      crumbs come out.)

      Sokka: Hey! Who ate all my blubbered seal jerky?
      Aang: Oh, that was food? I used it to start the campfire last night.
Sorry.
      Sokka: (incredulous) You WHAT? Awww, no wonder the flames smelled so good.

      (Pan shot of Appa swooping towards the now much closer mountains, followed
      by another close up of Aang and the group.)

      Aang: The Batola mountain range! We're almost there!
      Katara: (uneasy) Aang? Before we get to the temple, I want to talk to you
      about the airbenders.
      Aang: What about 'em?
      Katara: (close-up of Katara's face.) Well, I just want you to be prepared
      for what you might see. The Fire Nation is ruthless. They killed my mother
      and they could have done the same to your people.
      Aang: (close-up of Aang's face, which relaxes into hopeful optimism) Just
      because no one has seen an airbender doesn't mean the Fire Nation killed
      them all. (Cut to a front view of both, sitting up front.) They probably
      escaped.
      Katara: I know it's hard to accept.
      Aang: You don't understand, Katara. The only way to get to an airbender
      temple is on a flying bison, and I doubt the Fire Nation has any flying
      bison. Right, Appa?

      (Aang rubs the big animal's head. Screen cuts to show a full view of Appa,
      who grunts an affirmative.)

      Aang: (voice-over) Yip yip!

      (Appa flies them up higher, turning tightly around a mountain face. Katara
      and Sokka are straining against the wind sheer the faster they move. Appa
      flies up and over a rocky outcropping and treetops to reveal the tall
      spires of the Southern Air Temple behind it.)

      Aang: There it is... the Southern Air Temple.
      Katara: Aang, it's amazing!
      Aang: (to Appa) We're home, buddy. We're home.

      (Scene cuts back to the Fire Nation navy yard. The shot pans right away
      from the ships, revealing a wooden stockade and many Fire Nation tents
      behind it. One is particularly large, with a prominent Fire Nation symbol
      on it. Two guards, flanked by large standing firepots, stand at the ready
      in front of this tent. The scene cuts again to the interior of the large
      tent where Commander Zhao stands with his back to the camera, inspecting a
      large map of the world upon the wall.)

      Zhao: (panning back from him slowly.) And by year's end, the Earth Kingdom
      capital will be under our rule.

      (Camera cuts to a view of the entire room. Iroh is inspecting a stand of
      weapons on the left and Zuko sits in one of two chairs in front of Zhao.
      Zhao turns to Zuko.)

      Zhao: The Fire Lord will finally claim victory in this war.
      Zuko: (Cut to Zuko's upper body.) If my father thinks the rest of the
      world will follow him willingly, then he is a fool.

      (Zhao sits in the chair next to Zuko.)

      Zhao: Two years at sea have done little to temper your tongue. (pause) So,
      how is your search for the Avatar going?

      (Iroh tips over the stand of weapons he has been examining in the
      background. The commotion brings the conversation to a halt. Iroh cringes
      at the mess he has just made.)

      Iroh: (embarrassed) My fault entirely.

      (He sheepishly backs o.c. to the left. Zhao watches him move off.)

      Zuko: (cut to Zuko.) We haven't found him yet.
      Zhao: (cut to Zhao.) Did you really expect to? The Avatar died a hundred
      years ago-- (cut back to Zuko.) --along with the rest of the airbenders.

      Zuko averts his eyes guiltily. Cut back to Zhao's eager face.)

      Zhao: Unless you found some evidence that the Avatar is alive.
      Zuko: (still looking away) No. Nothing.
      Zhao: (rising from his chair) Prince Zuko, the Avatar is the only one who
      can stop the Fire Nation from winning this war. (cut to front view of
      both.) If you have an ounce-- (he leans his face into Zuko's) --of loyalty
      left, you'll tell me what you've found.
      Zuko: (defiantly) I haven't found anything. It's like you said. The Avatar
      probably died a long time ago. Come on, Uncle, we're going.

      (Zuko gets up and tries to exit, but he is blocked by the guards as they
      cross their spears in front of him. Another guard approaches Zhao to
      deliver his report.)

      Guard: Commander Zhao, we interrogated the crew as you instructed. They
      confirmed Prince Zuko had the Avatar in custody, but let him escape.
      Zhao: Now, remind me...

      (Cut to Zuko still blocked by the guards. Zhao comes up behind him.)

      Zhao: ... how exactly was your ship damaged?

      (Zuko looks down in defeat.)

      (Cut to a brief scenic shot of the temple. It is quickly replaced by a
      long shot of Appa standing on what looks like a landing platform with a
      path leading up. The screen pans up hundreds of feet winding path curving
      back and forth across the rock face of the temple's mountain. Three little
      figures can be seen walking up toward the temple. One of these is racing
      ahead of the others. Cut to a close shot of the three; Aang is the one
      ahead and he races off screen as Katara and Sokka round the bend.)

      Sokka: So where do I get something to eat?

      (Cut again to a close up of the two siblings. Sokka has a very cross look
      on his face and he's clutching his stomach to illustrate his hunger.)

      Katara: You're lucky enough to be one of the first outsiders to ever visit
      an airbender temple and all you can think about is food? (Camera cuts to
      follow them from above and behind.)
      Sokka: I'm just a simple guy with simple needs.

      (Cut again to show Aang at the edge of the path where he has stopped to
      let the others catch up. They do, and he points below them.)

      Aang: So that's where my friends and I would play airball!

      (Aang gestures at a small parapet cut into the rock face below the path.
      It is populated with a thicket of densely packed sticks of varying heights
      that have been stuck in the ground. A goal with a backboard occupies
      either end of the field.)

      Aang: And... over there would be where the bison would sleep... and...

      (His voice trails off. He sighs.)

      Katara: What's wrong?
      Aang: This place used to be full of monks and lemurs and bison. Now
      there's just a bunch of weeds.

      (Close up of Aang. He looks sad. Cuts immediately to show Aang from behind
      as the camera pans back to bring Katara and Sokka into view.)

      Aang: I can't believe how much things have changed.

      (Sokka and Katara look at each, then change the subject, hurrying up to
      him.)

      Sokka: So, uh, this airball game? How do you play?

      (Aang smiles.)

      (Scene changes to Sokka with a backboard behind him, looking ready for
      action. Cut to Aang with the opposite backboard behind him. He is bending
      air around a rapidly spinning ball to keep it floating above his
      outstretched right hand. Suddenly, Aang starts manipulating the ball like
      a Harlem Globetrotter. Then, he throws it up in the air over his head.
      Sokka follows it with his eyes. Aang puts his hands behind his back,
      closes his eyes and smiles, waiting for the ball to come back down. He
      cracks one eye open and bends the air at the precise moment to send the
      ball bouncing through the field of sticks like a pinball in an arcade
      game. The POV switches to Sokka, who watches the ball ricochet toward him
      at amazing speed. The ball hits him in the stomach and he is propelled
      backward through a rotating door in the backboard behind him. He hits the
      ground nearby.)

      Aang: Hahaha! Aang seven, Sokka zero!

      (He shows the score with his hands, seven fingers for him and a zero
      between his touching fingertips for Sokka.)

      Sokka: (getting up painfully) Making him feel better is putting me in a
      world of hurt.

      (Sokka sees something that makes him stop and move forward. It is a Fire
      soldier helmet lying on the ground. Sokka crawls over to it.)

      Sokka: Katara, check this out.
      Katara: (seeing the helmet, accusingly) Fire Nation.
      Sokka: We should tell him.
      Katara: (turning to call to Aang) Aang, there's something you need to see.
      Aang: (approaching happily with the ball) Okay!

      (Katara looks back and forth between the helmet and the happy boy rapidly
      approaching, unsure whether to show him the horrible discovery. Making her
      choice, she waterbends the snow on the nearby bank down onto both the
      helmet and Sokka.)

      Aang: What is it?
      Katara: (uncertainly) Uh... just a new waterbending move I learned.
      Aang: Nice one. But enough practicing. We have a whole temple to see!

      (He walks o.c. Cut back to Katara and Sokka, who stands and wipes the snow
      off his shoulders and head.)

      Sokka: You know, you can't protect him forever.

      (Cut to commercial break.)

      Act II

      (The scene has changed to the entrance gate of the Air Temple itself. Aang
      runs in alone, leaving Sokka and Katara a moment to speak alone.)

      Sokka: Katara, firebenders were here. You can't pretend they weren't.
      Katara: (walking away from him) I can for Aang's sake.

      (Sokka comes up behind her and they walk forward together.)

      Katara: If he finds out that the Fire Nation invaded his home, he'll be
      devastated.

      Aang: (calls from o.c.) Hey guys!

      (Cut to him motioning toward a statue of an airbender monk.)

      Aang: I want you to meet somebody.
      Sokka: Who's that?
      Aang: Monk Gyatso, the greatest airbender in the world. He taught me
      everything I know.

      (Aang bows to the statue.)

      (Camera closes in on the statue as the scene shifts to a hazy and surreal
      flashback sequence. A live version of the man whose statue Aang bowed to
      begins to speak.)

      Gyatso: But the true secret...

      (View expands to show Gyatso holding a long spatula with a cake at the end
      of it. He appears to have just pulled out the cake from the mouth of the
      large oven in the background. He airbends the colorful filling into an
      attractive pile in the middle of it.)

      Gyatso: ... is in the gooey center!

      (View expands again to show a preoccupied Aang in the foreground, sitting
      on the wall of the parapet. He's not paying attention.)

      Aang: Hmm...
      Gyatso: My ancient cake making technique isn't the only thing on your
      mind, is it, Aang?
      Aang: This whole Avatar thing... maybe the monks made a mistake.

      (Camera focuses on Gyatso in the background.)

      Gyatso: The only mistake they made was telling you before you turned
      sixteen. But we can't concern ourselves with what was. We must act on what
      is.

      (Gyatso gestures ceremoniously to the world around them. The view expands
      to show the air around the temple full of flying bison and other
      inhabitants. The beautiful, dreamlike surroundings are full of life.)

      Aang: (o.c.) But Gyatso, how do I know if I'm ready for this?
      Gyatso: (switch to view of Gyatso and Aang) Your questions will be
      answered when you are old enough to enter the Air Temple sanctuary. (Cut
      to Aang, while Gyatso continues o.c.) Inside you will meet someone who
      will guide you on your journey.
      Aang: (excitedly as he jumps up to turn and face Gyatso fully) Who is it?
      Gyatso: When you are ready he will reveal himself to you.

      (Aang sighs heavily in frustration.)

      Gyatso: Now, are you going to help me with these cakes, or not?
      Aang: (smiling) All right.

      (Aang and Gyatso assume airbending stances, with the four cakes sitting on
      the wall. They both cock back, creating balls of wind with their
      airbending skill as Gyatso counts.)

      Gyatso: One... two... three!

      (Both release their airballs on the count of three, propelling the cakes
      high into the air. They make a distinctive whizzing noise as they come
      down. The view switches to show four meditating monks, who are soon each
      wearing one of the four cakes. Sound effects mark each splattering as the
      cakes land, and the monks are soon surrounded by winged lemurs who begin
      feasting on the cakes.)

      Aang and Gyatso: Hahaha!

      (Aang and Gyatso bow to each other respectfully. Gyatso pats his young
      student's head affectionately.)

      Gyatso: Your aim has improved greatly my young pupil.

      (The flashback ends, with Aang bowing to the statue of Gyatso, just as he
      had bowed to the real Gyatso at the end of the flashback.)

      Katara: (coming forward and placing a hand on Aang's shoulder.) You must
      miss him.
      Aang: Yeah. (moves forward to go into the Temple)
      Katara: Where are you going?
      Aang: (climbing the steps.) The Air Temple Sanctuary. There's someone I'm
      ready to meet.

      (Katara looks at Sokka, who shrugs. View shifts to an overhead shot of the
      three as they approach the entrance to the Air Temple Sanctuary. It is a
      huge wooden door that is dominated by an enormous woodcut comprised of
      three air symbols protruding from its surface. They are arranged in a
      triangular pattern. The symbols are attached to tubes that end in two
      horns near the bottom of the woodcut.)

      Katara: But Aang... no one could have survived in there for a hundred
      years.
      Aang: It's not impossible. I survived in the iceberg for that long.
      Katara: Good point.
      Aang: Katara, whoever's in there might help me figure out this Avatar
      thing!
      Sokka: (Pops out from behind Aang eagerly.) And whoever's in there might
      have a medley of delicious, cured meats!

      (Sokka rubs his hands together in fevered anticipation of the food that
      might await him. He rushes forward and runs straight into the door with a
      'thunk.' He strains against the big door to no avail and slides down to
      the floor in defeat.)

      Sokka: I don't suppose you have a key?
      Aang: The key, Sokka, is airbending.

      (There's a flash of light and the scene cuts to Aang's face as he composes
      himself and draws in his breath. He raises both his arms perpendicular to
      his body, then suddenly pushes forward with his arms and steps forward
      with his right leg. He airbends two jets of air, one from each arm, into
      the horns at the bottom of the woodcut. The air runs through the tubes and
      one by one flips the air symbols from the blue sides which had been
      showing to the maroon sides, which had been facing the interior of the
      temple. As each turns, it flips another mechanism on the outside of the
      door unlock it. The two leaves of the door open to reveal the dark,
      cavernous interior of the Air Temple Sanctuary.)

      Aang: (calling inside) Hello? Anyone home?

      (Cut to a wide shot of Aang walking into the dark room, then back to
      Katara and Sokka, who follow him. Scene fades to black.)

      (Zhao crosses in front of a seated and clearly unhappy Prince Zuko. A pair
      of guards stand behind the young prince.)

      Zhao: So, a twelve-year-old boy bested you and your firebenders? (View
      expands to show Iroh also seated nearby.) You're more pathetic than I
      thought.
      Zuko: I underestimated him once, but it will not happen again.

      (Cut to Zhao's face with Zuko in the background.)

      Zhao: No, it will not, because you won't have a second chance.
      Zuko: (alarmed) Commander Zhao, I've been hunting the Avatar for two years
      and I...

      (Zhao turns on him angrily, flames erupting from his hand as he sweeps it
      in an arc from left to right.)

      Zhao: And you failed!

      (Camera pans upward on Zhao's face as he towers over Zuko.)

      Zhao: Capturing the Avatar is too important to leave in a teenager's
      hands. He's mine now.

      (Zuko launches himself at Zhao in frustration and anger, but he is
      restrained by the two guards standing behind his chair.)

      Zhao: (to the guards as he turns to leave.) Keep them here.

      (Zuko in a further act of frustration kicks over a small table that had
      been sitting near Iroh. It breaks into pieces. Iroh watches the scene
      calmly.)

      Iroh: More tea please?

      (Cut to Aang, Sokka, and Katara as they walk into the sanctuary. The
      camera pans right to reveal many statues arrayed in a pattern. The pattern
      is tied to a swirl pattern on the floor--a bluish version of the Yellow
      Brick Road--with the statues arrayed along it. The three walk among the
      statues, heading to the center of the room.)

      Sokka: Statues?! That's it? Where's the meat?

      (Scene cuts to Aang and Katara.)

      Katara: Who are all these people?
      Aang: (uncertain) I'm not sure, but it feels like I know them somehow.
      Look! (He points to a statue.) That one's an airbender!
      Katara: (pointing) And this one's a waterbender. They're lined up in a
      pattern. Air, water, earth and fire.
      Aang: That's the Avatar cycle.
      Katara: Of course! They're Avatars. All these people are your past lives,
      Aang.
      Aang: Wow! There's so many!

      (The camera stays behind and shifts upward as Aang moves off screen,
      showing the many tiers of statues to illustrate just how many lives Aang
      has had before him.)

      Sokka: (skeptical) Past lives? Katara, you really believe in that stuff?
      Katara: It's true. When the Avatar dies he's reincarnated into the next
      nation in the cycle.

      (Aang has stopped in front of a statue of a firebender Avatar. The POV
      flips back and forth between Aang and the statue. A light passes over its
      eyes, marking its importance. Katara appears behind Aang and shakes him by
      the shoulders).

      Katara: Aang, snap out of it!
      Aang: (dazed) Huh?
      Katara: Who is that?
      Aang: That's Avatar Roku, the Avatar before me.
      Sokka: You were a firebender? No wonder I didn't trust you when we first
      met.
      Katara: There's no writing. How do you know his name?
      Aang: I'm not sure... I just know it somehow.
      Sokka: (growls in frustration) You just couldn't get any weirder!

      (The three sense the presence of another being and turn to look at the
      entrance. A long-eared shadow advances toward them. The screen pans back
      up, but the three are nowhere to be seen. When the view comes to rest
      again, we can see them huddled behind two of the statues, Aang and Katara
      behind one on the left of the screen, Sokka behind one on the right. The
      shadow advances between the two statues. Screen cuts to a profile view
      where we can see their frightened faces.)

      Sokka: (whispering) Firebender. Nobody make a sound.
      Katara: (exasperated) You're making a sound!
      Aang and Sokka: Shhhh!

      (The shadow advances. Screen cuts to black.


      Act III

      Fade in on the still advancing shadow.)

      Sokka: (whispering, ready with his weapon) That firebender won't know what
      hit 'em.

      (The long eared shadow is now right on top of them. The view pans up to
      reveal the black outline of a small animal in the doorway who is simply
      casting a lengthy shadow due to the angle of the sun outside. Camera cuts
      to behind the animal as Sokka jumps out from the statue, weapon at the
      ready. The other two also come around to look. Sound effects are heard as
      everyone's eyes blink, each registering the diminutive stature of the
      adorable intruder. The view switches to reveal a winged lemur looking at
      them with wide eyes. His long ears flop down on his back as he sees the
      people staring at him. He blinks his eyes to the same sounds effects. The
      camera gives a close-up of Aang.)

      Aang: Lemur!
      Sokka: (cut to Sokka, drooling) Dinner...
      Aang: Don't listen to him! You're going to be my new pet.
      Sokka: Not if I get him first!

      (Both lunge at the small animal. The scene shifts to a joint POV of both
      Aang and Sokka, both with their bodies off screen, but their arms visibly
      outstretched towards the lemur as they rapidly close in on him. He
      bristles like a cat and dashes away from them, screaming. View changes to
      see them both running after the lemur who is now bolting out of the
      temple.)

      Aang: (calling) Wait! Come back!

      (Cuts to long shot of the entrance hallway. The lemur rockets out of the
      screen.)

      Sokka: I wanna eat you!

      (Aang and Sokka run back down the hallway from the Temple Sanctuary,
      chasing after the lemur. Both take turns leading the other. Sokka takes a
      swipe at Aang's legs with his weapon, but Aang, uses his airbending skills
      in a Matrix-style move to run along the wall beside Sokka and pass him,
      laughing as he does. Once far enough ahead, Aang stops, turns, and
      launches an airball spinning back toward Sokka. It hits him in the stomach
      and knocks him off his feet, like a bowling ball hitting one lone pin.)

      Sokka: Oof!

      (He falls flat on his face, his hood falling over his head.)

      (Scene changes to where the hallway ends at a balcony, looking back into
      the temple. The lemur jumps up onto the guardrail of the balcony, looks
      back as Aang approaches, and then jumps off the guardrail almost into the
      camera. Aang jumps off after him, with the view expanding as he jumps off
      to provide a clear look at the long fall beneath him. Aang laughs as he
      falls, bouncing off the rocks beneath him as he continues to chase the
      lemur. The scene cuts to Sokka, who finally reaches the balcony, leaning
      over to watch Aang fall.)

      Sokka: Hey! No Fair!

      (View switches to a close up of Aang, eyes watering from the tremendous
      speed his body is falling at and smiling widely.)

      (Zhao approaches the exterior of the large tent, opens the flaps and
      enters. Two guards standing ready inside the entrance draw their spears
      back.)

      Zhao: My search party is ready.

      (Cut to Iroh and Zuko, sitting in chairs facing each other.)

      Zhao: Once I'm out to sea, my guards will escort you back to your ship and
      you'll be free to go.
      Zuko: Why? Are you worried I'm going to try and stop you?
      Zhao: (laughing) You? Stop me? Impossible.
      Zuko: (Zuko stands in defiance.) Don't underestimate me, Zhao. I will
      capture the Avatar before you.
      Iroh: (standing also) Prince Zuko, that's enough!
      Zhao: You can't compete with me. I have hundreds of warships under my
      command, and you... you're just a banished prince. No home. No allies.
      Your own father doesn't even want you.
      Zuko: You're wrong. Once I deliver the Avatar to my father he will welcome
      me home with honor and restore my rightful place on the throne.
      Zhao: (cut to sliding right pan of Zhao's face) If your father really
      wanted you home, he'd have let you return by now, Avatar or no Avatar, but
      in his eyes you are a failure and a disgrace to the Fire Nation.
      Zuko: That's not true.
      Zhao: You have the scar to prove it.
      Zuko: (With a cry of indignation, launches himself to his feet, bringing
      his face within inches of Zhao's.) Maybe you'd like one to match!
      Zhao: Is that a challenge?
      Zuko: An agni kai. At sunset.
      Zhao: Very well. It's a shame your father won't be here to watch me
      humiliate you. I guess your uncle will do.

      (Zhao turns and walks back out of the tent. The camera cuts to show a
      close-up of the left side of Zuko's face. Iroh visible in the background
      as the camera pans quickly to the right.)

      Iroh: Prince Zuko, have you forgotten what happened last time you dueled a
      master?
      Zuko: I will never forget.

      (The scene ends with only the right half of Zuko's face, the side with the
      scar, visible on the screen.)

      (A quick shot of the exterior of the temple atop the mountain is replaced
      by a view of a stone clearing that has an ascending stone staircase in the
      background. The lemur that Aang has been chasing lands on the ground. Aang
      pounces him and misses. The view pans left as the lemur runs through a
      curtain made of decaying tent material or drapery.)

      Aang: Hey! Come back!

      (Aang follows the lemur to the other side of the curtain.)

      Aang: Come on out, little lemur. That hungry guy won't bother you anymore.

      (Aang approaches another drape, parts it, and walks through. He draws a
      sharp breath, startled at what he sees. Cut to show heaps of firebender
      uniforms and skeletons covering the floor of a decaying building.)

      Aang: (surprised) Firebenders? They were here?

      (At the back of the grotto lies the skeletal remains of an airbender monk,
      bathed in sunlight coming from above, who had apparently fallen in combat
      fighting against great odds. The camera zooms in on the airbender's
      necklace as a means of identification.)

      Aang: Gyatso...

      (He falls to his knees, devastated.)

      Sokka: (pulling back the curtain) Hey Aang, you find my dinner yet?

      (He sees Aang, head in his hands, crying.)

      Sokka: Aang, I wasn't really going to eat the lemur, okay? (He sees the
      skeleton and does a doubletake.) Oh, man... come on, Aang, everything will
      be all right. Let's get out of here.

      (Sokka puts his hand on Aang's shoulder as the arrow on Aang's head begins
      to glow incandescent blue. The camera shifts to Aang's face, his eyes are
      glowing brightly in an angry expression as he lifts his head. Sokka gasps
      as he looks on in alarm.)

      (Scene shifts to Katara walking among the statues in the Temple Sanctuary.
      She stops in front of Roku, whose eyes light up with the same incandescent
      blue light as Aang's. The eyes of all the other statues light up in order
      around the room. The camera pans up so the audience can see all the
      statues' eyes light up in succession.)

      Katara: (worried) Aang!

      (Katara races from the room. Scene shifts to earth, water, and fire
      temples scattered across the globe, where lights flash in response to the
      awakening of Aang's avatar spirit. In the fire temple, an old fire sage
      leans out to say something to another sage outside of the room where the
      signal is emanating from.)

      Old Sage: Send word to the Fire Lord immediately. The Avatar has returned!
      (Recipient fire sage's face becomes frightened.)

      (Scene shifts back to an exterior view of the dilapidated building at the
      base of the temple where Aang mourns Gyatso's body. The view shifts again
      to Aang's feet, where a whirlwind begins to form, air swirling fast around
      the bones lying on the ground. The camera pans up to Aang, crouched, his
      hands balled into fists and his eyes and arrow glowing, the wind picking
      up terrible speed around him.)

      Sokka: Aang! Come on, snap out of it!

      (A light blue sphere of energy surrounds Aang and begins to expand,
      knocking Sokka back out of the building.)

      Sokka: Aaahhh!

      (The energy sphere expands to the point where it blows most of the
      building apart, sending smoke and debris high into the air, which the
      camera follows. Sokka lands outside the building. The camera switches back
      to Aang, now partially obscured by the energy sphere and the maelstrom.
      Katara joins Sokka behind some rubble, both shielding their faces from the
      wind.)

      Katara: What happened?
      Sokka: He found out firebenders killed Gyatso.
      Katara: Oh no, it's his avatar spirit! He must have triggered it! I'm
      gonna try and calm him down.
      Sokka: (Hanging onto the rubble, trying not to get blown away.) Well, do
      it before he blows us off the mountain!

      (Katara slowly approaches Aang, struggling against the wind, as Aang and
      his energy sphere slowly rise into the air.)

      (Cut to an exterior view of a Fire Nation arena, a simple four-walled
      structure with watch fires on the four towers at each corner. There is one
      large open gate. The sunset is a glorious mixture of Fire Nation hues:
      red, orange, and yellow. The view shifts to inside the arena where Zhao
      and Zuko kneel, preparing for battle, Zhao with four of his men in
      attendance, Zuko with his uncle.)

      Iroh: Remember your firebending basics, Prince Zuko. They are your
      greatest weapons.
      Zuko: (standing up) I refuse to let him win.

      (His shoulder wrap falls to the ground ceremoniously. View shifts to Zhao.
      He stands and turns, his shoulder wrap falling to the ground, as well.)

      Zhao: This will be over quickly.

      (Atop the gate a gong sounds. Both men face each other and assume
      firebending stances. The screen splits: the upper pane is a close up of
      Zhao's face, the lower a close up of Zuko's. Prince Zuko fires the first
      shot which passes harmlessly to Zhao's left. He fires again; this time it
      passes without effect to Zhao's right. Zuko fires several more, the last
      of which Zhao blocks, satisfaction evident on his face. Frustrated and
      losing control of his breath, Zuko moves towards his opponent, unleashing
      more fire from both his hands and feet. Zhao dodges or blocks them all.
      Zhao then crouches forward and shoots flame at a point on the ground close
      in front of him. Camera switches to Iroh, watching anxiously.)

      Iroh: Basics, Zuko! Break his root!

      (Zhao fires many volleys of flame, alternating between his fists. Zuko
      blocks each, but is slowly forced back. On the last volley Zhao uses both
      hands, knocking Zuko over and sending him skidding backwards in the dirt.
      Zhao takes a flying jump at him. Zhao lands as Zuko tries to get up, but
      he isn't fast enough. Zhao fires right at him. Zuko rolls out of the way
      just in time, and as he is getting up sweeps Zhao's feet out from under
      him. The move holds such importance that it is shown three times from
      slightly different camera angles at reduced speed.)

      (Zuko lands on his feet. Camera switches to a close up of Zuko's face,
      where a slight smile appears. Camera switches to a close up of Zuko's
      feet. Zuko is advancing towards Zhao, using his feet to produce small
      waves of flame that rush toward his opponent. Zhao is caught off balance
      and wobbles slowly backward. Camera switches to Iroh, fists clenched in an
      expression of hope, a smile beginning to spread over his face. Switch back
      to Zuko, who finally lays Zhao out flat on the ground with a blast of
      fire. Zuko rushes up to him, prepared to deal the final blow. A close up
      of Zuko's face emphasizes the decision he faces. Cut to Zhao.)

      Zhao: Do it!

      (Zuko releases a blast that shoots off screen. He stands erect, dropping
      his fighting stance. View changes to a smoking hole in the ground, and
      then the screen expands to show Zhao, clearly very much unharmed, next to
      the hole.)

      Zhao: That's it? Your father raised a coward.
      Zuko: Next time you get in my way, I promise I won't hold back.

      (Zuko turns his back and begins to walk away. Zhao gets up and, with a
      howl of anger, unleashes a whip of flame at Zuko. The POV changes to the
      flame itself as it rushes toward Zuko's back. The view switches back to
      Zhao and his outstretched foot, wreathed in the fire it has just released.
      The flame is extinguished, however, as a hand closes over the foot. The
      camera changes to a side view, where Iroh has moved between them to stop
      the dishonorable attack. They remain frozen for a moment before Iroh hurls
      Zhao back into the dirt with little effort. Zuko rushes to avenge the
      insult, but is stopped by his uncle.)

      Iroh: No, Prince Zuko. Do not taint your victory.

      (Iroh turns to face Zhao, a look of condescension on his face.)

      Iroh: So this is how the great Commander Zhao acts in defeat. (Camera
      switches to Zhao and Iroh continues o.c.) Disgraceful.

      (Camera returns to Iroh and Zuko.)

      Iroh: Even in exile my nephew is more honorable than you. (Zuko looks at
      his uncle in surprise at this comment.) Thanks again for the tea. It was
      delicious.

      (Iroh moves to leave and Zuko follows close behind. With subdued anger,
      Zhao watches them exit the gate of the arena. Outside, Zuko and Iroh
talk.)

      Zuko: (quietly) Did you really mean that, Uncle?
      Iroh: (slyly) Of course. I told you ginseng tea is my favorite.

      (Switch to long shot view of them leaving the arena and walking back to
      the ships in the harbor.)

      (Cut to Aang, still suspended in mid-air inside his ball of raw energy.
      The contained storm continues to rage as Katara and Sokka cling
      desperately to the rocks at the bottom of the screen.)

      Katara: (shouting calmly) Aang, I know you're upset...

      (Camera switches to full view of Katara clinging to a rock, Sokka visible
      behind her.)

      Katara: ... and I know how hard it is to lose the people you love. I went
      through the same thing when I lost my mom. Monk Gyatso and the other
      airbenders may be gone, but you still have a family. Sokka and I, we're
      your family now.

      (The view switches back to Aang towards the end of Katara's statement, and
      he begins to descend when she is finished. His feet gently alight on the
      ground. The wind dies away. Switch to Aang, his eyes and arrow still
      glowing. Katara and Sokka come up on either side of him.)

      Sokka: (gently) Katara and I aren't going to let anything happen to you.
      Promise.

      (Katara takes one of Aang's hands in her own. The glow instantly fades
      from his eyes and arrow markings. Grief-stricken and exhausted, he
      collapses into Katara's arms and she holds him around his shoulders as
      they kneel on the ground.)

      Aang: (tired) I'm sorry.
      Katara: It's okay. It wasn't your fault.
      Aang: (sadly) But you were right. And if firebenders found this temple
      that means they found the other ones, too. I really am the last airbender.


      (Katara holds him tighter and Sokka puts a hand on Aang's shoulder. Scene
      cuts back to the Temple Sanctuary, where Aang stands once again in front
      of the statue of Avatar Roku. Katara comes up behind him.)

      Katara: Everything's packed. You ready to go?
      Aang: (still looking at the statue) How is Roku supposed to help me if I
      can't talk to him?
      Katara: Maybe you'll find a way.

      (They both turn around to see a familiar furry creature in the doorway of
      the temple. The lemur has returned. View switches to behind the lemur, who
      has Aang and Katara in front of him and Sokka to his right. He runs to
      Sokka and deposits a bunch of fruits and nuts at his feet. Sokka begins to
      eat hungrily as the lemur dashes away. Camera cuts back to Aang and
      Katara, watching with smiles on their faces.)

      Aang: Looks like you made a new friend, Sokka.
      Sokka: (mouth full) Can't talk. Must eat.
      Aang: (as the lemur scurries up his chest to perch on his head.) Hey
      little guy.

      (Scene switches to outside of the Temple. Screen pans down to show Appa,
      Aang, and the lemur looking out at the abandoned temple.)

      Aang: You, me, and Appa. (View switches to frontal shot of the three.)
      We're all that's left of this place. We have to stick together. Katara,
      Sokka...

      (Camera switches to Katara and Sokka, the latter's mouth still full, a
      fruit in his hand.)

      Aang: ... say hello to the newest member of our family.

      (Aang approaches them both, the lemur on his arm.)

      Katara: What are you going to name him?
      Aang: (surprised as the lemur jumps off camera and returns a second later
      with a fruit.) Momo.

      (Screen expands to show all three, with Sokka poised to bite a fruit that
      is no longer in his hand. Aang and Katara begin to laugh. Switch to a
      twilight view of the temple. View shifts to Aang watching the temple
      recede in the distance as Appa flies them away. Aang looks back with
      sadness as the clouds finally obscure his childhood home from view.)
```

## 中文

```text
水善国
土强国
火烈国
气和国
很久以前，四国和谐共处
然而火国发起的战争改变了一切
只有掌握四种元素的降世神通才能阻止战争
但是在这危机关头他却消失匿迹了
年后，我和我哥哥发现了转世的降世神通，
他是一名叫安昂的御气师
虽然他的御气术十分精湛，
但是在救人民于水火之前他要学的还有很多
但是我相信，安昂能拯救世界

-=降世神通=-
最后的气宗

第一卷
水
第三回
南和气寺

卡塔拉，等会儿你就看到了，
和气寺是世界上最美的地方之一
安昂，我知道你很兴奋，但是你已经年没回家了
-所以我才很兴奋嘛
-很多东西都可能改变了
我知道，但是我还是想自己确认一下
索卡,醒醒。该向和气寺进发了
先睡会，待会再去
索卡，快醒醒，有条棘蛇钻进了你的睡袋里
开帮我把它赶走
太好了，你现在醒了，咱们出发吧
皇叔，尽快把船修好。
我可不想耽搁太久丢了他的行踪。
- 你是说降世神通？
-别在这儿提他的名字。
一旦他还活着的消息走漏了，
火宗人都回去找他的。
我可不想被别人抢了功劳。
祖寇殿下，要跟你抢什么功劳啊？
- 原来是赵队长
-现在是赵统领了

-这不是艾洛将军吗，国家的功臣
-我已经退休了
皇上的兄弟和儿子能到这来，真是让我们受宠若惊啊
- 话说回来，是什么风把您们吹来的？
-我们的战船正在这维修
- 损伤的很严重啊
-是啊，你肯定想不到发生了什么
皇叔，你来给赵统领讲讲事情的经过
啊，我来...这个...
- 我们撞上了，对吧？
-是啊，正好撞在一艘土国的船上。
真的吗？给我讲讲具体的经过吧
来边喝边聊吧
抱歉，我们得走了
祖寇殿下，咱们得尊重赵统领
我们很高兴得到你的邀请
您那有茉莉花茶吗？那可是我的最爱啊
胃啊，胃，别吵了，我正在找吃的
嘿，谁把我的熏牛肉干吃了
噢，那些吃的啊，昨晚我用来生火了。抱歉啊
你说啥？怪不得昨晚的火闻起来那么香
我们差不多快到了，都能看到白头山了
安昂，在我们到达和气寺之前，我有些话想跟你说
-是什么事啊？
-我只想让你对将要看到的景象有点准备。
火国人到处烧杀掠抢，我的妈妈也被他们杀死了，
可能气宗人也遭到了他们的毒手
但是不能因为没人见到御气师就说他们都被杀死了。
- 他们可能只是跑掉了
-我知道这很难接受
卡塔拉，你是知不道啊，只有坐着飞牛才能到和气寺
火国可没有飞牛，对吧，阿柏？
看哪，我们到了，那就是南和气寺。
- 安昂，这太不可思议了
-我们回家了，伙计，我们到家了
再过几年，土国的首都就是我们的疆土了
我们的君主将称霸世界
如果我父王认为世界都回按他的意思臣服，
那他就大错而特错了
都已经两年了，还是没能改变你那口无遮拦的嘴啊
你对降世神通的搜寻进行的怎么样了？
对不起，是我太不小心了
- 我们还没找到
-你真觉的能找到他？
年前他就和其他的气宗人一起死了
- 除非你已经找到了他活着的证据
-不，还没有
祖寇殿下，降世神通是唯一能阻止火国雄霸天下的人
如果你还对国家有那么一点点地忠诚，
你就应该告诉我你找到了什么线索
我没什么线索，正如你说的，
他可能早在年前就死了
皇叔，咱们走吧
赵统领，根据您的指示，我们审问了皇子的船员
他们招认祖寇殿下曾经抓到过降世神通，
但是却让他给跑了
这正好提醒了我，你们的船是怎么弄坏的了
在哪能搞到吃的？
你应该庆幸你是来和气寺参观的首批外来人
而不是光想着吃的
我只是个饥饿的凡人，没啥追求
那就是我和朋友们玩空气球的地方，
飞牛们常在那睡觉...
怎么了？
原来这个地方到处都是和尚，
狐猴和飞牛，现在却满是杂草
我真不敢相信居然变了这么多
那个，嗯，那个空气球游戏咋玩？
安昂分，索卡分
他可好过了，可把我疼死了
卡塔拉，过来看看
- 火国人
-我们应该告诉他
- 安昂，你该过来看看。
-好的
- 啥哩？
-给你看看我新练的御水术
不错，不过现在不是练习的时候，我带你们到处走走。
你也知道你不可能永远这样保护他
卡塔拉, 御火师曾经来过，这事实是掩盖不了的
我都是为了安昂着想，如果他知道火国
侵略了他的家乡，他一定会疯掉的
- 嘿，伙计们，我给你们引见一下
-引见给谁？
雅俗 大师，他是世上最伟大的御气师。
我的所有本领都是他教的
秘诀在于要外焦里嫩
安昂, 看来你对我的老式烘焙法不太感冒啊？
长老他们一定是弄错了吧，我怎么可能是降世神通
他们没弄错，只是不该在你岁前就告诉你真相
沉迷于过往是徒劳的，
关键是要明白自己降要做些什么
但是, 大师, 我怎么才能知道我已经能够胜任这个称号了?
当你能够进入和气寺中心大殿的时候,
你的问题就会迎刃而解了
在那里会有人为你指点迷津的
- 那个人是谁?
-到时候你就知道了
- 不过现在,该是解决这些蛋糕的时候了,不是吗?
-那当然
我的徒弟，你的瞄准技术大有精进啊
你一定很想念他
- 当然啦
-你要去哪？
-中心大殿
有人在那里等我
可是安昂，都过了年了，不会还有人了
- 没啥不可能的，我不是还在冰川里呆了年？
-那倒是
卡塔拉, 那个人会指点我做好降世神通
不管那里有谁，肯定会有好吃的腌肉！
-你肯定没有这门的钥匙
-索卡, 御气术就是开门的钥匙
嘿， 有人在家吗?
这可悲啊, 就一个岁的毛头小子就把你们打得落花流水?
- 再让我看到他, 我再也不会低估他的实力了.
-看来的确是低估他了
- 不过你不会再见到他了
-赵统领, 我已经跟踪降世神通两年了,而且...
但是你失败了. 这个任务怎么能落到你这样乳臭未干的臭小子手里, 从今以后由我来接管了.
看好他们
能在来点茶吗?
只有这些烂塑像? 肉在哪里?
- 这些都是什么人?
-我也不清楚
- 感觉他们都似曾相识, 看, 那是个御火师
-这还有个御水师
好像按着某个顺序排列
- 气, 水, 土, 火
-这是个神通循环
可不是嘛, 他们都是降世神通, 安昂, 他们都是你的前世
哦, 有这么多
前世? 卡塔拉, 你真的相信有前世这东西?
那当然, 当降世神通死去之后, 他会按循环的顺序在下一个国家投胎
安昂, 你咋了, 想啥呢?
- 他是谁?
-他是 罗库 大师, 前任降世神通
你原来曾是个御火师, 难怪第一次见面时我就不相信你. (索卡完全不懂循环的事,果然... 汗)
上面有没写名字, 你是怎么知道的?
我也不清楚, 我就是知道
嗯~你可真是够怪的(-_-|||)
- 附近有御火师，谁也别说话
-现在就你在说话
小样的，趁你不备给你一棍
-狐猴！
-有肉吃了！
- 别听他的，我收你作我的新宠物
-不会的，我会先抓到它
等等，回来啊
拿命来，我要吃了你
嘿，这不公平
我要去抓降世神通了，这没你们的事了，
护卫会送你回到你们的船上。
怎么？你怕我们会阻止你去抓降世神通？
哈，哈... 还真拿自己当回事
赵，别小看我，我会在你之前抓到降世神通的
- 够了，祖寇殿下
-跟我争，你别太天真了
我麾下有百余艘战船，而你只不过是个被放逐的王子
无依无靠，连你父王都不要你了
你错了，只要我将降世神通交给父王，
他一定会给我荣耀，接我回去。
如果你的父王真心想让你回去，
早就那么做了，降世神通不是关键
在他眼你你就是个失败者，是火军的耻辱
- 胡扯
-那个疤不就是证明吗？
- 你就是怕输吧？
-想挑战吗？
- 机掌决斗吧，就在黄昏时分
-好啊
真可惜，你父亲不能亲眼见证我是
怎样羞辱你的。不过，你皇叔在也一样
祖寇王子，昨晚我教给你的那些技巧还记着吗？
我永远的忘不了
嘿，回来
过来，小家伙，那个只知道吃的家伙不会再烦你了
御火师？他们来过这？
雅俗大师..
嘿，安昂, 我的晚餐你藏哪了？
安昂, 我不是真的要吃那个小家伙
来吧，安昂, 一切都会没事的，咱们离开这儿吧
安昂
立刻发消息给大王，降世神通回来了
安昂, 别这样，想开点
- 出啥事了？
-他发现 雅俗 大师被御火师杀了
哦，不，降世神通显灵了，安昂 现在还不能控制这力量，我得让他冷静下来
对，最好在他炸平这座山头之前
祖寇殿下，记住御火术的基础，基础是最有力的武器
我不会让他赢的
让我速战速决
基础，祖寇，攻他下盘
来呀
就这点能耐，你父亲生了个懦夫
下回你再挡我的路，我保证绝饶不了你
祖寇殿下，别跟他一般见识
这就是伟大的赵统领制胜的绝招啊，无耻啊无耻
即使是被流放了，我侄子也比你值得被尊敬-
谢谢你的茶
的确挺好喝
- 皇叔，你是认真的吧？
-骗你干嘛？
茉莉花茶是我得最爱（又打岔）
安昂，我知道你很伤心，失去所爱的人的痛苦我也知道
我妈妈去世的时候我也像你这样
雅俗 大师和其他御气师虽然不在了，
但是你还有家人啊
索卡和我都是你的家人
卡塔拉和我保证会保护你的
- 我很抱歉
-没事的，不是你的错
你是对的，御火师发现了这座寺院，
一定也找到了其他的寺院
御气一族真的消失了
- 一切的收拾好了，准备走了吗？
-如果我不能和 罗库 大师说话，他又怎么帮助我？
总会有办法的
索卡，看来你交了新朋友
饿死了，没空说话
嘿，小家伙
你，我和阿柏, 我们都来自这个地方，以后我们要相依为命啊
卡塔拉, 索卡, 见见我们家的新成员
你打算叫它什么？
模模
-=未完待续=-
```
