# S01E11 - The Great Divide

**Languages:** English / 中文

<table class="script-table">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>English</th>
      <th>中文</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><pre class="script">
The Great Divide

Written By: John O&#x27;Bryan
Directed By: Giancarlo Volpe
Storyboard By: Aaron Ehasz, Giancarlo Volpe, Chris Graham, Kenji Ono
Animation By: DR Movie
Transcribers: Acastus and Unbridled Joy of Flight

Act I

(Opening shot of the sun setting behind some tall rock outcroppings. The
sky is mostly cloudy and the clouds reflect the light of the dying sun.
Pan down to show a patched up tent being jostled about from the inside. A
rolled up tarp lies next to the tent. Inside the tent, Sokka can be heard
grunting and fussing about as he tries to finish setting up the shelter.

Finally, the tent is raised and Sokka emerges from behind the tent�s flap
opening. As he does, Katara enters the frame, her back to the camera,
carrying an arm load of wood.)

Katara: Um...aren&#x27;t you forgetting the TARP?
Sokka: Right...got it.

(He picks up the rolled up tarp and throws it through the open flap and
into the tent.)

Katara: (crossly) Sokka, you&#x27;re supposed to put the tarp on TOP of the
tent. You know, so we don&#x27;t get RAINED on.

(Cut to an overhead shot of the two, Sokka gesturing widely as he replies
to his sister.)

Sokka: Ordinarily you\&#x27;d be right, but seeing how it&#x27;s the dry season,
you&#x27;re not. Besides, that tarp makes a pretty warm blanket.
Katara: But what if it DOES rain?
Sokka: (spreading his arms wide in exasperation) But what if it doesn&#x27;t?
Then I would have put the tarp up for nothing.
Katara: (stomping the ground and gritting her teeth) Ur...arg! You&#x27;re
infuriating!
Sokka: Katara, why don&#x27;t you worry about gathering the firewood because
that kindling&#x27;s looking PRETTY sorry.

(Cut to a brief close up shot of the firewood in her hands, then cut to
her face.)

Katara: (looking sullen, then exploding in anger) Well if you don&#x27;t like
my firewood... (throws the wood at her brother) have it!

(Sokka raises his hands to shield himself, a shocked expression on his
face. He stands in anger after the hail of sticks subsides.)

Sokka: Fine by me! If you&#x27;re not going to do your job (he yanks the rope
securing the tent to its to one of its supports. It falls down in a heap)
...urg!

(Cut to a wider shot as the tent collapses to reveal Aang approaching from
behind it. His hands are full of some kind of food and Appa rests in the
background. Katara and Sokka stand on opposite each sides of the screen,
the fallen tent between them. They glower at each other.)

Aang: Okay, I got the grub if you guys got the... (Katara and Sokka turn
away from each instantly, their arms across their chests, expressions of
sullen anger on their faces) Hey, where&#x27;s the campfire? And what happened
to the tent?
Sokka: (still facing o.c.) Why don&#x27;t you ask Miss Know It All? Queen of
the Twigs!
Katara: (whipping around to yell at her brother&#x27;s back) Oh yeah? (Pointing
an accusatory finger) Well you&#x27;re Mister Lazy Bum, King of the (she bends
down quickly, picks up a twig, and throws it at her brother) ...Tents!

(The twigs hits Sokka in the back of the head. He whips around to face
her.)

Aang: (laughs, and spreads his arms wide in a gesture of conciliation)
Okay, listen guys. Harsh words won&#x27;t solve problems, action will. Why
don\&#x27;t you just switch jobs?
Katara: (concurrent with Sokka) Sounds good.
Sokka: (concurrent with Katara) Whatever.

(Both begin their new tasks, but each is still fuming at the other.)

Aang: (smiling in a self satisfied manner) You see that? Settling feuds
and making peace. All in a days work for the Avatar.

(Aang&#x27;s smile breaks as he looks off screen at the sound of Momo
chittering. Cut to Momo desperately trying remove a melon that Appa is
holding upright with one of the digits of his left forepaw. Momo struggles
and even tries to fly away from it, but cannot move the melon. He gives up
and begins to walk away, depressed. Appa groans, opens his mouth, and his
tongue scoops up the melon. As he is about to close his mouth, Momo
returns, grabs the melon and runs away. He runs into Aang who takes the
melon, throws it into the air and slices a small piece of it off with a
jet of air. The large piece lands in front of Appa who eats it, and the
small piece lands in front of Momo, who turns to Aang and lets a chirp of
protest.)

Aang: Come on Momo, that&#x27;s fair. (Motioning to Appa) Appa&#x27;s got FIVE
stomachs.

(Fade to a daytime, panorama shot of a Grand Canyon like scene. The view
is from the rim of the canyon looking across it. Momo flies across the
screen, chittering. The camera pans right to follow him, revealing Aang,
Katara and Sokka on the rim looking out over the breathtaking expanse.)

Aang: Here it is, guys, the Great Divide.

(Cut to a profile shot of Katara.)

Katara: Wow! I could just stare at it forever.

(Zoom backwards to show Sokka in the foreground.)

Sokka: (unimpressed, the music slurs to a halt in the background) Okay.
I&#x27;ve seen enough.
Katara: How can you not be fascinated, Sokka? This is the largest canyon
in the entire world.

(Cut to Sokka standing next to Appa and holding his reigns, obviously
ready to leave.)

Sokka: Then I&#x27;m sure we&#x27;ll be able to see it very clearly from the air
while we fly away.

(Suddenly a man in an ornate white robe rushes past Sokka from o.c. He
rudely pushes Sokka out of the way.)

Scout: (aggressively) Hey! If you&#x27;re looking for the Canyon Guide, I was
here first!

(Cut to profile shot of Katara who is joined moments later by the Scout
and Aang.)

Katara: (clasping her hands in front of her in a gesture of hope)
Ooooo...canyon guide. Sounds informative.

Scout: Believe me, he&#x27;s more than a tour guide, he&#x27;s an earthbender. And
the only way in and out of the canyon is with his help. And he&#x27;s takin&#x27; MY
tribe across next!

(While he is speaking, cut to a front shot of the Scout. As he yammers,
Sokka emerges from behind him and silently starts to mock him by opening
and closing his hand in the &quot;this guy talk too much&quot; gesture. At the
conclusion of the Scout&#x27;s talk he looks at Sokka, who feigns innocence and
walks off screen to Katara and Aang.)

Sokka: Calm down, we know you&#x27;re next.

Scout: (pointing at Sokka o.c.) You wouldn&#x27;t be calm if the Fire Nation
destroyed YOUR home and forced YOU to flee. (He gestures to the vast
canyon system in front of them) My whole tribe has to walk thousands of
miles to the capital city of Ba Sing Se!
Katara: You&#x27;re a refugee.
Scout: Humph. Tell me somethin&#x27; I don&#x27;t know.

(Cut to a frontal shot of Katara and Aang looking at the Scout o.c., then
cut to a view of the path leading up the canyon rim back through the
surrounding forest. In the distance, a mass of people approaches.)

Katara: Is that your tribe?
Scout: It most certainly is NOT.

(Cut to a shot of the people approaching the group. They are dressed in
rude animal skins and look generally unkempt.)

Scout: (continuing from o.c.) That&#x27;s the Zhang tribe. A bunch of low-life
thieves. They&#x27;ve been the enemies of my tribe for 100 years. (Cut back to
the Scout, who whistles rudely at the Zhang) Hey Zhangs! I&#x27;m savin&#x27; a spot
for my tribe so don&#x27;t even THINK of stealing it!

(A huge Zhang woman enters the frame and walks up to the Scout menacingly.
The Scout leans back, somewhat intimidated.)

Zhang Leader: Where are the rest of the Gan Jin? Still tidying up their
campsite?
Scout: (leaning forward to push the Zhang Leader back) Yes! But they sent
me ahead of them to hold a spot.
Zhang Leader: I didn&#x27;t know the canyon Guide took reservations.
Scout: Heh! Of course you didn&#x27;t. That&#x27;s the ignorance I&#x27;d expect from a
messy Zhang! So unorganized and ill prepared for a journey.

(The entire Zhang tribe begins to grumble loudly at this. An angry mob is
about to form. Cut to Aang and Katara looking disconcerted, Momo behind
them in the background sitting on a piles of rocks on the lip of the
canyon. Suddenly, the sound of moving earth is heard and the camera cuts
to Momo. The rocks underneath him quiver and begin to split apart. Momo
jumps out of the screen as the rocks are picked up and thrown out of the
screen by an old man, the Canyon Guide, in a straw hat and green
clothing.)

Canyon Guide: (grunting) Sorry about the wait, youngsters. (Gesturing to
the majestic canyon below them) Who&#x27;s ready to cross this here canyon?

(Cut to Katara, Sokka and Aang.)

Katara: Um... (pointing to her right, o.c.) one of them I think.

(Camera pans left to reveal the Zhang and the Scout, the latter of which
runs forward.)

Scout: I was here first! My party&#x27;s on their way!
Canyon Guide: I can&#x27;t guide people who aren&#x27;t here.

(Cut to a wider shot showing the Zhang filing past the three kids and the
fuming Gan Jin Scout.)

Zhang Leader: (with mock sadness) Guess you guys&#x27;ll have to make the trip
tomorrow.

(The shot shifts to a close up the scout, whose eyes twitch in anger. The
camera zooms backward and pans left to reveal another tribe entering the
canyon entrance area. The Scout points to them in triumph.)

Scout: Wait! Here they come!

(Cut to a profile shot of several Gan Jin walking in stately order towards
them. They are all dressed elegantly and wear formal expressions on their
faces. The music changes to a dainty, spring ball type ballad that helps
to signify the demeanor of the Gan Jin. Cut to the Zhang Leader who whips
around to look at the newcomers, then cut to an overhead wide of the two
tribes now facing each other with Appa and the kids between them.)

Zhang Leader: (pointing a finger at the Canyon Guide&#x27;s chest) You&#x27;re not
seriously going to cave into these spoiled Gan Jins! I mean, we&#x27;re
refugees too! And we&#x27;ve got sick people that need shelter.

Canyon Guide: (holding out the palms of his hands in a gesture of
placation) I...uh...well...

(Cut to a wide shot of the Gan Jin. A white haired man, the Gan Jin
Leader, stands next to the Scout.)

Scout: We&#x27;ve got old people who are weary from traveling.
Zhang Leader: Sick people get priority over old people.
Gan Jin Leader: Maybe you Zhang&#x27;s wouldn&#x27;t have so many sick people if you
weren&#x27;t such slobs.
Zhang Leader: If you Gan Jins weren&#x27;t so clean, (cut to the kids as the
war of words between the two leaders continues o.c.) maybe you wouldn&#x27;t
live to be so old.
Gan Jin Leader: (from o.c.) I could smell your stink a mile away.
Katara: (As Gan Jin Leader speaks) Well Aang, ready to put your peace
making skills to the test?
Aang: (looking to the ground in doubt) I... don&#x27;t know. A fight over
chores is one thing. These people have been feuding for 100 years.
Katara: (walking forward and raising her voice to be heard by all)
Everyone, listen up! (Pointing backward at Aang, a fierce look on her
face) This is the Avatar! And if you give him a chance, I&#x27;m sure he can
come up with a compromise that will make everyone happy.

(The two tribes look to Aang for a moment in silence. Cut to Aang, who
after a moment offers an obvious solution.)

Aang: Uh...you could share the earthbender and travel together?

Gan Jin Leader: Absolutely not! We&#x27;d rather be taken by the Fire Nation
(he points accusingly o.c. at the Zhang) than travel with those stinking
thieves.

(Camera zooms left to the Zhang Leader, who, in turn, points an accusing
finger at the Gan Jin Leader.)

Zhang Leader: We wouldn&#x27;t travel with you pompous fools anyway!
Gan Jin Leader: (pompously) I am not pompous!

(General pandemonium breaks out as the tribes begin to yell at each other.
This continues for a moment or two before Aang intervenes. The camera
shows a close up of Aang&#x27;s face as he yells.)

Aang: (Angry) Alright! Here&#x27;s the deal! (Cut to a slowly panning wide
shot) We&#x27;re all going down together and Appa here will fly your sick and
elderly across. Does that seem fair?

(The two leaders nod their grudging approval. Cut to Aang in the
foreground with a small smile on his face, Katara and Sokka in the
background looking happy as well. Fade to a shot of the open sky which
pans down to show Appa and his saddle now full of elderly and sick Gan Jin
and Zhang. The two groups eye each other suspiciously in the saddle. They
sit as far away as possible from each other. Cut to a wide shot of Aang
petting Appa.)

Aang: Sorry Appa. You&#x27;ll have to do this on your own. (Appa grunts.)
Sokka: This feuding tribe stuff is serious business. Are you sure it&#x27;s a
good idea getting involved in this?
Aang: To tell the truth, I&#x27;m not sure. (Smiling widely) But when have I
ever been?
Katara: (Putting a hand on Aang&#x27;s shoulder) He&#x27;s the Avatar, Sokka. Making
peace between people is his job.
Sokka: (slumping in despair) His job&#x27;s gonna make us cross this whole
thing on foot, isn&#x27;t it?

(Cut to an overhead wide shot of the two tribes and the others.)

Canyon Guide: Okay, now comes the bad news. (Cut to a frontal shot of the
Guide) No food allowed in the canyon. It attracts (he makes motions with
his hands to illustrate the skittery monsters that might lurk in the
canyon) dangerous predators.

(The tribes dissatisfied cacophony rises again at the interdiction against
food.)

Gan Jin Leader: No food! This is ridiculous.
Canyon Guide: Aww, you babies can go a day without food. Would you rather
be hungry...or dead?

(At this, the Guide raises a pillar of stone underneath him. He now towers
ten feet or more over the rest. He continues, cupping his hands to his
mouth to amplify his voice.)

Canyon Guide: Now, we&#x27;re headin&#x27; down in 10 minutes. All food better be in
your gut, or in the garbage!

(Cut to a shot of the Zhang who whip various bits of food out of their
tunics and begin to eat sloppily. Cut to the Gan Jin, who eat little bits
of food with chopsticks. The dainty music plays again in the background.
When the Gan Jin man in the foreground is done, he dabs his lips with a
white napkin. Cut to Aang addressing the people in Appa&#x27;s saddle.)

Aang: Appas&#x27;s gonna take good care of you until we get there. (He drops
down to the ground and addresses Appa) See ya on the other side, buddy.
Yip, yip!

(Appa grunts and flies off. Cut to a wide shot of Appa making a bee-line
with his passengers for the other side of the canyon. Fade to a far and
wide shot of the canyon wall underneath the canyon path entrance. The
Canyon Guide&#x27;s outpost is still visible at the top of the screen on the
canyon rim. Underneath, the tribes are walking down a steep, switch-back
path.

The shot pans down, revealing more of the path in front of them. Cut to a
close up shot of Aang and the Canyon Guide leading the procession. The
Guide puts a hand in front of Aang to stop him as the camera pans down
again to reveal a break in the path in front of them. The drop is hundreds
of feet down. The Guide whirls around and makes a motion with his
outstretched arm and fist. With a grunt of effort, the camera switches to
wide that shows blocks of stone pushes outward from the canyon wall face
to repair the path in front of them.)

Aang: Nice bending!

(They begin to move forward again.)

Canyon Guide: The job&#x27;s much more than bending, kid. Folks want
information.

(They stop and the Canyon Guide turns to address the crowd. He continues
in a slightly bored voice while the camera shows various shots of the
canyon system.)

Canyon Guide: Many of you are probably wondering how canyons are formed.
Experts tell us this canyon was most likely carved into the ground by
Earth Spirits who were angry at local farmers for not offering them a
proper sacrifice.

(Cut to Katara and Sokka who look at each other, then gasp and look up at
the sound of rumbling from o.c. Cut to a rock slide beginning above them.
The rocks come down on the group, but are bent away by the Canyon Guide
into the canyon below.)

Canyon Guide: (laughing) Guess the spirits are still angry! Hope you all
brought sacrifices.

(Cut to a wide shot of the canyon floor and the canyon wall on the right
side of the screen. The view pans slowly rightward, then cut to a closer,
overhead shot of the group now at the bottom of the switchback trail. They
have just entered the canyon floor. The Guide stands in front of the two
tribes and the kids.)

Canyon Guide: Okay...everyone stand clear of the wall.

(The Canyon Guide earthbends a nearby rock outcropping and throws it at
the bridge he created earlier. The bridge is destroyed.)

Aang: Why&#x27;d you do that?

(The debris from the bridge lands behind them, raising a cloud of dust
that obscures everything in the background.)

Canyon Guide: These people are fleeing the Fire Nation, aren&#x27;t they? I
gotta make sure we can&#x27;t be followed. We&#x27;ll be safe now.

(A massive, insect shaped silhouette appears in the dust behind the Guide.
A pincer emerges from the dust and picks up the Guide, who yelps in
surprise. Cut to Aang, who airbends the dust away with a yell. The monster
is revealed. It is a huge, black insect like creature with four legs, red
eyes, and a long thin mouth with teeth. The Canyon Guide is in the
creature&#x27;s mouth, screaming. Cut to Sokka.)

Sokka: We gotta help him!

(He throws his boomerang. It flashes through the air and strikes the beast
on the head. It drops the Guide and rushes Sokka. The guide lands with a
thump in the underbrush. Cut to the advancing monster. It slavers with its
tongue hanging out. Cut to Sokka, running for his life, the creature close
behind.)

Sokka: Okay...now you gotta help me!

(Sokka runs over a rock outcropping. The creature follows over the
outcropping as Sokka doubles back. Katara arrives, opens her water bottle
and whips it with the water. It smacks the creature, but has little
effect. It tries to bite her, but she lunges o.c. as Aang drops into the
frame and shoots a blast of at the monster. It gets blown backward, but
charges again. With enough lead time before the creature reaches him, Aang
is able to create a tornado with his staff. He catches the creature in the
tornado and throws far up the cliff. Able to walk on the walls, the
creature quickly hides in one of the canyon walls many crevices. Cut back
to Aang who turns to the others, a look of concern on his face.)

Aang: What was that?

(Cut to Katara kneeling over the distressed Guide who is laid out flat on
the ground.)

Canyon Guide: Canyon crawler. (In pain) Oh, ugh! And there&#x27;s sure to be
more.
Katara: Your arms...they&#x27;re broken.
Canyon Guide: Without my arms, I got no bending. In other words...

(Cut to a frontal shot of Aang, the two tribes on either side of him. The
shot zooms closer to Aang, without changing the perceived distance of the
tribes behind him. This creates a distorting effect that accentuates the
horror behind Aang&#x27;s next pronouncement.)

Aang: ...we&#x27;re trapped in this canyon.

(Cut to a wide shot of the group at the base of the canyon, then fade to
black for commercial.

Act II

Return from break to a shot of the canyon rim. The shot pans back down to
group at the base. Cut to a shot of Katara finishing a set of bandages on
the Guide&#x27;s arms. Aang, Sokka and the Gan Jin are visible in the
background.)

Sokka: (camera zooms in on him) I thought the whole point of ditching our
food was so we wouldn&#x27;t have to deal with things like... canyon
crawlers...
Gan Jin Leader: It&#x27;s the Zhangs! They took food down here, even after the
guide told them not to!
Zhang Leader: (approaching the Gan Jin Leader with an accusatory finger
pointed at him) What! If there&#x27;s anyone who can&#x27;t go without food for a
day, it&#x27;s you pampered Gan Jins!
Gan Jin Leader: I hope you&#x27;re happy. (Cut to Aang, Katara and the Guide
behind him. He looks displeased at the resumption of the bickering) We\&#x27;re
stuck in the canyon with no way out.
Zhang Leader: Why don&#x27;t you thank yourself, food hider!
Aang: Look. Sticking together is the only way to...
Zhang Leader: (rudely interrupting the Avatar and again pointing at the
Gan Jin Leader) I&#x27;m not walkin\&#x27; another step with the likes of them.
Gan Jin Leader: (folding his arms across his chest) Now, there&#x27;s something
we can agree on.
Aang: (turning to look back o.c. at Katara and the Guide) Any ideas?

(Cut to a close shot of the Guide. The camera slowly zooms in on the Guide
as he speaks, his eyes wide and getting wider as hysteria grips his mind.)

Canyon Guide: No bending. We need to get out of this canyon. I won\&#x27;t die
down here! I won\&#x27;t become part of the food chain!

(Cut to Aang, the Gan Jin Leader behind him, who speaks o.c. to his Zhang
counterpart.)

Gan Jin Leader: See? We&#x27;re going to become part of the food chain because
of YOU!
Zhang Leader: Sure. Unjustly blame the Zhangs like you ALWAYS do!
Gan Jin Leader: Gladly!

(A blast of wind tears across the screen, surprising everyone.)

Aang: ENOUGH! (Cut to Aang, angry) I thought I could help you guys get
along, but I guess that&#x27;s not going to happen.

(Cut to a wide shot where Aang airbends himself to the top of a small
bluff. The bluff is the beginning of what amounts to a stone baulk between
two canyons on either side.)

Aang: We should split up. Gan Jins on this side...and Zhangs on that side.
We&#x27;ll travel in two separate lines.

(Cut to a shot from the canyon bottom where the two leaders look up at
Aang, then at each other, then nod. They and their following begin to take
their separate paths, Zhang on the left, Gan Jin on the right. Aang hops
down as Sokka and Katara approach him.)

Aang: Sokka, you go with the Zhangs. And Katara, you go with the Gan Jins.
See if you can figure out why they hate each other so much.

(Sokka and Katara split up to follow their assigned tribes. Cut to a wide
shot of the two tribes following their separate paths. The screen pans up
to the sky. It fades from midday to dusk, then pans back down to Aang
standing atop another bluff, surveying the two groups setting up their
camps below. Cut to Sokka coming up behind the Zhang leader. He puts his
hand to his chin as he observes.)

Sokka: So, you guys aren&#x27;t going to put up your tarps?
Zhang Leader: What for? It&#x27;s the dry season.
Sokka: (releasing suppressed exasperation) Exactly!
Zhang Leader: (turning to Sokka, smiling) Besides, we like to use the tarp
as a blanket.
Sokka: Finally, someone gets it.

(Cut to a long shot of the Gan Jin camp. Their tents are pristine white
and erected perfectly. The dainty music plays as we see two Gan Jin set up
a tarp over one of their tents. The camera zooms back to reveal Katara
speaking with the Gan Jin leader.)

Katara: You really think it&#x27;ll rain?
Gan Jin Leader: No, but you can never be too careful, right?

(Katara smiles at the Gan Jin Leader, pleased at his response. Fade to a
night scene. Crickets chirp as a shot of the moon pans down to the Gan Jin
camp. The Gan Jin sit in a circle around the campfire. The camera pans
across the group to Katara and the Gan Jin leader. After a moment, the Gan
Jin leader looks around and then produces some bread from underneath his
robe. Katara gasps. Soon all the Gan Jin are eating food with their
chopsticks, it is clear they all violated the ban.)

Gan Jin Leader: (offering Katara some bread) Would you care for some
bread, Katara?
Katara: So it was you guys who had food!
Gan Jin Leader: Oh come now. You really think that tribe of thieves isn&#x27;t
smuggling food? Why should MY people go hungry when the sneaky Zhangs are
stuffing their faces?
Katara: (hesitating, then taking the bread) Well, I guess it\&#x27;s okay if
everyone\&#x27;s doing it. (She eats a few bites, then turns back to the Gan
Jin Leader) So, why does your tribe hate the Zhang so much?
Gan Jin Leader: You seem like a smart girl, Katara. I bet you would enjoy
hearing some history.

(As the Leader speaks, the camera pans away to stars of the night sky. As
he concludes, the camera pans down to the horizon as dawn approaches.
Noble music plays in the background. The scene is of a path coming out of
the mountains, the sun rising in the east behind them. The path runs
through a Chinese paifang or perhaps a Japanese torii gate in the
foreground. Cut to a vision of a well built, well dressed, noble looking
Gan Jin warrior, his hair flowing in the wind. The style of animation is
now very idealized. The Gan Jin Leader narrates the succeeding tale from
o.c.)

Gan Jin Leader: The patriarch of our tribe, Jin Wei, was an earthbender
warrior who was assigned an important duty; transporting our sacred orb
from the Great Eastern Gate to the Great Western Gate.

(During this explanation, cut to a shot of someone holding a pink,
translucent, crystal ball out to someone else, the sun and the gate
visible in the background. Another pair of hands takes the offered orb.
The camera rises to show the sun perfectly framed by the circular,
doughnut like ornament on top of the gate. Cut to a profile shot of Jin
Wei and the gate. He kneels, holding the orb out before him. It catches
the rays of the sun through the gate and glows brightly.)

Gan Jin Leader: Taking the orb from the east to the west represents the
sun�s rising and setting. It was our tribe&#x27;s ancient redemption ritual...

(Jin We runs through several different landscapes before cutting to a dusk
scene on a forest path. Another paifang or torii gate arches over the path
here, presumably the Great Western Gate. In the distance, Jin Wei
approaches at a run, his cape flowing behind him.)

Gan Jin Leader: ...but as he approached the gate, Jin Wei was attacked by
one of the Zhang!

(Jin Wei gets knocked off the path by a grubby looking newcomer, the orb
flying into the air. The orb is caught by the ruffian, which glows with
power as its new possessor grins sardonically with greed at his plunder.)

Gan Jin Leader: A vermin, named Wei Jin, who looked at the orb with envy.
That coward, Wei Jin, knocked Jin Wei to the ground and stole our sacred
orb. (Fade back to Gan Jin leader&#x27;s face, his eyes closed in remembrance)
Our people have never forgotten. You can never trust a Zhang.

(Cut to Katara, who looks o.c. towards the Zhang camp, an expression of
hardness and suspicion spreading over her face.

The screen pans left to reveal the Zhang camp in the distance, then cut to
Sokka sitting next to the Zhang leader. She produces a leg of meat from a
bag and offers it to Sokka.)

Zhang Leader: Care for some meat?
Sokka: Would I!?

(Sokka grabs the leg and begins to eat hungrily.)

Zhang Leader: I know what you must be thinking. We&#x27;re horrible for
endangering everybody by bringing food down here.
Sokka: (munching, barely paying attention) Mm hmm!
Zhang Leader: The Gan Jin think so badly of us they probably assumed we
brought food in and decided to bring food in themselves. That&#x27;s why we
brought food in.
Sokka: (still munching) Mmmm!
Zhang Leader: Our conflict with the Gan Jin goes back over a hundred
years...

(The camera again pans to the stars as the Zhang Leader narrates her story
from o.c. The scene reforms around a very cartoonish portrayal of another
gate. Tribal music plays in the background. The animation here is very
rustic.)

Zhang Leader: Our forefather, Wei Jin, was leaving the western gate of our
village...

(A figure, Wei Jin, runs east through the gate, cut to a close up of Wei
Jin, who looks almost as bad as he did in the Gan Jin version.)

Zhang Leader: ...when he saw a figure in the distance. It was a man of the
Gan Jin tribe, Jin Wei, collapsed on the ground.

(Wei Jin stops in mid stride in surprise. Cut to a shot of a man crawling
in the distance. It is Jin Wei, crawling on the ground, obviously in
distress. The camera pans back slightly to reveal Wei Jin standing above
him.)

Zhang Leader: Noble Wei Jin stopped to help him. (Wei Jin bends to help,
but Jin Wei points ahead. The camera zooms out to show the orb.) Jin Wei
was transporting a sacred orb, a very powerful relic used in his tribe&#x27;s
redemption ritual. Wei Jin tried to tend to the man&#x27;s wounds, but Jin Wei
insisted the orb was more important, (Jin Wei makes dramatic gestures of
self sacrifice at this pronouncement) and asked him to take it back to his
tribe. (Wei Jin grabs the orb and begins to run) Kind Wei Jin promised to
send help for the man as soon as he could, but as Wei Jin crossed the
border to return the orb into Gan Jin territory he was arrested!

(As Wei Jin runs through another gate, his path is blocked by three
thuggish Gan Jin warriors with drawn swords. He is smacked down and he
drops the orb. Cut to the inside of a jail cell, the door of which opens
and Wei Jin is thrown inside.)

Zhang Leader: Instead of thanking him for his kind and selfless deed, they
sentenced him to twenty long years in prison. (Cut back to Zhang Leader
who continues bitterly) We Zhang&#x27;s will never forget that injustice.

(Cut to wider shot of her and Sokka.)

Sokka: That&#x27;s just terrible. (Pointing to her leg of meat) You gonna
finish that?

(She takes a bite in response. Sokka looks depressed and slumps a bit.

Cut to Aang and Momo looking down at the camps below with longing, backs
to the camera.)

Aang: Sure would be nice to be around one of those campfires, telling
stories and laughing. (Momo chitters as the screen cuts to a frontal shot
of Aang and his lemur.) It&#x27;s okay, Momo, we&#x27;ll be out of here soon enough
and then we can eat our weight in leechy nuts!

(Momo hears a flying bug, catches it and offers it to Aang.)

Aang: Nah, I&#x27;ll wait for the leechy nuts.

(Momo begins chomping.)

Canyon Guide: (from o.c. as Aang turns to the voice) It&#x27;s lonely, isn&#x27;t
it? (Cut to the Guide walking up to him.) Being impartial.
Aang: I wish I could help these people get along, but it just seems
impossible. Anyhow, I guess our biggest problem is getting out of here.
Canyon Guide: (lying down next to Aang) I&#x27;m not so sure the two problems
are unrelated.

(The Guide nods off to sleep, then cut to Aang who looks away sadly.

Fade to a morning shot of the sky. The camera pans down to reveal the
Guide and Aang atop the baulk, the two tribes continuing their trek on
either side.)

Canyon Guide: All clear! (Pointing to somewhere below) We&#x27;re almost to the
other side.

(A few shots of the tribes walking reveal that the baulk, or rock
separator of the canyons that the tribes have been using for travel, is
coming to an end. The tribes are now in site of each other, Aang and the
Canyon Guide between them. Katara and Sokka bring up the rear of each.)

Aang: Katara, Sokka, will these people cooperate long enough to get out of
the canyon?
Katara: (somewhat harshly) I don&#x27;t think so, Aang, the Zhang&#x27;s really
wronged the Gan Jins. They ambushed Jin We and stole the sacred orb.
Aang: What are you talking about?
Sokka: Yeh, Katara, what are you talking about? We Jin didn&#x27;t steal the
orb, he was returning it to their village gate and was wrongfully punished
by the Gan Jin.
Katara: (arms across her chest) Not punished enough if you ask me!

(Sokka makes angry, frustrated noises as Aang replies.)

Aang: Okay! Okay! I get it! Now I need your help. Let&#x27;s get everyone
together at the base of the canyon wall.

(Aang then opens his glider and flies off. Cut to an overhead shot of the
canyon floor and wall. The two tribes are once again facing each other.
Aang lands between them. They are arguing once again. He fold his glider
up and addresses the crowd.)

Aang: Please everyone! As soon as we get out of here we can eat, and then
go our separate ways, but I need you all to put your heads together and
figure out a way up this cliff.
Gan Jin Leader: Maybe the Zhang can climb the walls with their long,
disgusting fingernails.
Zhang Leader: Oh, sorry! I forgot that to the Gan Jin, unclipped
fingernails is a crime punishable by twenty years in jail!
Gan Jin Leader: Why you dirty thief!
Zhang Leader: You pompous fool!

(The tribes begin taunting and arguing with each other again, this time
joined by Katara and Sokka who have become partisans of their respective
tribes.)

Aang: Guys! FOCUS! How many times do I have to say it? Harsh words won&#x27;t
solve problems, ACTION will!
Zhang Leader: Perhaps the Avatar is right.
Gan Jin Leader: Yes, perhaps he is.

(Cut to Aang, whose eyes are shiny with hope. He smiles widely. Cut back
to a zooming close up of the Zhang Leader.)

Zhang Leader: Harsh words will never solve our problems...
Gan Jin Leader: (cut to zooming close up of him) ...action will!

(Both leaders draw their swords and approach each other. They cross swords
in front of Aang, who draws back with a cry of surprise and fear. Fade to
commercial break.

Act III

The show returns to an overhead shot of the two leaders facing off against
one another, the tribes watching the spectacle.)

Gan Jin Leader: To the death! And let this be the end of this rivalry!
Aang: (nervously) You know, I take it back! Harsh words aren&#x27;t so bad!

(The leaders ignore him and begin the fight in earnest. After several
feints and thrusts, they push each other apart. The Gan Jin&#x27;s lower beard
falls off, and one of the Zhang&#x27;s hair braids falls off. They rush at each
other again, but as they meet Aang brings his stuff down and blows the two
sides backwards.

Cut to Aang breathing heavily, a savage look on his face. He looks over to
the Gan Jin on his left and his jaw drops. Cut to the Gan Jin, where a
wrapped blanket of food has opened and spilled its contents all over. One
of the Gan Jin kicks the blanket cover back over some of the food.)

Aang: Is that... food? (In disbelief) Everyone smuggled food down here!?
(Turning back to the Zhang) UNBELIEVABLE! You guys put our lives in danger
because you couldn&#x27;t go without a snack for a day!? You are all...AWFUL!

(Aang eyes suddenly become huge as he spies something among the Zhang. Cut
to a shot of the Zhang with various bits of food lying about. On a blanket
is a pie, which the camera zooms in on. It is instantly highlighted with a
shaft of light as if from heaven. Cut to Aang grabbing his gurgling
stomach, then pan to his face, his eyes still huge.)

Aang: So hungry... (he points at the pie, desperately trying to retain
self control) is that...egg custard in that tart?

(The camera pans over Aang&#x27;s left shoulder and zooms slowly to the cliff
wall. Many canyon crawlers emerge simultaneously, attracted by the scent
of food. The monsters are soon upon them and the tribes flee. Katara and
Sokka get behind the nearest rock.)

Katara: Oh no! That&#x27;s a lot of canyon crawlers!
Sokka: (drawing out his boomerang) We barely survived one!

(The Canyon Guide appears in the background, walking backwards in terror.)

Canyon Guide: They&#x27;re coming back for me! They&#x27;ve had a taste, and they&#x27;re
coming back for me!

(Sokka moves to leave the shelter of the rock and attack, an expression of
determination on his face, but he is grabbed by Katara.)

Katara: Sokka, wait! I don&#x27;t care about this stupid feud! I just want us
to get out of here alive.
Sokka: (looking chagrined) Me too. I only took their side because they fed
me.

(They both run from behind the rock, then cut to canyon crawlers charging
the camera. Aang lifts on his glider, lands, and airbends a gale at a wall
of the insects. It has no effect. They charge and butt heads as Aang jumps
into the air just as they reach him. He blasts them away from each other
as he falls back down. This stuns them momentarily, but they get back up.

General melee now begins as the creatures attack the tribes. The Zhang
leader forces one back with her curved sword, while Katara water whips
another that is threatening two Gan Jins. Another monster breaks her whip,
however, and she loses the water. Sokka is chased by a crawler, but he
hits it with his boomerang. Aang airbends four more crawlers out of his
way. A quick pan shot, though, reveals that the crawlers have cornered
small bands of tribes people all over the place. Aang looks over to see
the crawlers chewing food, their heads inside the food bags.)

Aang: (shouting) Everybody! Watch me! (He raises a food bag to show
everybody) Do what I do!

(He leaps toward the nearest bunch of crawlers and throws a piece of food
at them. One of the crawlers catches the food in its mouth and eats it.
The crawler runs to him, but he puts the bag over its snout. He then
catapults himself onto its bag and uses the bag straps as reigns. The two
tribes now work together, repeating the process to turn the monsters into
riding mounts. Soon all the tribes people have a canyon crawler mount.)

Aang : (shouting) Now, follow me! We&#x27;re riding out of this hole!

(Grinning evilly, Aang swings a rod with a bag of food on the end in front
of his mount, which turns around and starts climbing the climb. He is soon
joined by the rest. Cut to a wide shot of the whole troop moving up the
cliff. Momo flies up on his own. Soon Aang and his ride mount the cliff.
He dismounts.)

Aang: Everyone! Get off!

(Katara, Sokka, and the two leaders dismount.)

Zhang Leader: (to Gan Jin Leader) We made it!

(The Canyon Guide falls off his mount. Cut to Aang who throws a bag of
food over the cliff, dropping food as it falls. The crawlers run after it.
Cut back to the tribes as the crawlers leave, then a close up of the two
leaders.)

Zhang Leader: I never thought a Gan Jin could get his hands dirty like
that.
Gan Jin Leader: And I never knew you Zhang&#x27;s were so reliable in a pinch.
Zhang Leader: Perhaps we&#x27;re not so different after all.

(Cut to Aang, Sokka and Katara behind him. He sighs happily. Cut back to
Gan Jin Leader.)

Gan Jin Leader: Too bad we can&#x27;t rewrite history. (He draws his sword and
points it at the Zhang leader.) You thieves stole our sacred orb from Jin
Wei!
Zhang Leader: (drawing her sword) You tyrants unjustly imprisoned We Jin
for twenty long years!

(Cut to Aang who cries out and grabs the side of his face in frustration.
Then an idea lights up his face.)

Aang: Wait a second! Jin Wei? Wei Jin? I know those guys!
Gan Jin Leader: Yes, yes, we&#x27;re all aware of the story.
Aang: No! (the leaders lower their weapons and turn to Aang) I mean I
really knew them. I may not look it, but I&#x27;m 112 years old. I was there a
hundred years ago on the day you&#x27;re talking about...

(The scene fades to a vision of Aang&#x27;s version of events. It too is
stylized, though different than either partisan version. Aang narrates
from o.c. during his recounting. The scene begins with the idealized
versions of Jin Wei and Wei Jin facing each other with swords drawn.)

Aang: There seems to be a lot of confusion about what happened. First of
all, Jin Wei and Wei Jin weren&#x27;t enemies, they were brothers (the two stop
fighting and look at each other in shock), twins in fact (they change
instantly with a popping sound to look alike except for their clothes) and
they were eight (the scene splits to reveal very young, chibi versions of
the two characters, music box like music begins to play in the background)
and most importantly, they were just playing a game! (The two kids smile
and open their mouths in laughter). The sacred orb from the legend (a
balls drops between the two kids) ...that was the ball. And the eastern
and western gates were the goal posts (screen widens to show a playing
field with two gate-like goal posts). Jin Wei had the ball and was running
toward the goal when he fell and fumbled it. Win Jei didn&#x27;t steal the
ball, he picked it up and started running it back toward the other goal.
But he stepped out of bounds (a referee in the shape of a panda appears,
waving a red flag and blowing a whistle), so the official put him in the
penalty box, not for twenty long years, but for two short minutes.

(Jin Wei appears, laughing and pointing at the unhappy Wei Jin. Fade back
to the present.)

Aang: There was no stealing and no putting anyone in prison. Just a game.
Zhang Leader: You&#x27;re saying the sacred orb was actually a sacred ball?
Aang: Nope, just a regular ball.
Scout: What about our tribe&#x27;s redemption ritual?
Aang: That&#x27;s what the game was called, Redemption. As soon as someone got
the ball from one goal to the other everyone would yell, &quot;redemption!&quot;
(The leaders look at each other) Don&#x27;t get me wrong, Wei Jin was kind of a
slob and Jin Wei was a little stuffy, that much is true, but they
respected each others differences enough to share the same playing field.
Zhang Leader: (to Gan Jin Leader) I suppose it&#x27;s time we forget the
past...
Gan Jin Leader: (bowing to Zhang Leader) ...and look to the future.

(The Zhang Leader bows in turn as Aang, smiling, looks on.

Fade to a daylight scene of the area. Camera pans down to show the two
tribes still at the canyon rim. Appa and the elderly and sick are there.
Cut to a close up on Aang hugging Appa. Sokka, Katara and the Guide are in
the background.)

Aang: Good to see ya, boy! Did you miss me?

(Appa licks Aang as the Gan Jin leaders approaches.)

Gan Jin Leader: I cannot thank you enough, Avatar.
Aang: (turning to him, drenched in Appa&#x27;s saliva) Well, you know, I try.

(The Gan Jin Leader shrinks in horror from the horror of Aang&#x27;s slimed
body. Cut back to the Gan Jin Leader approaching his Zhang counterpart.)

Zhang Leader: (to the crowd) Let us travel to the Earth Kingdom capital as
one tribe!

(The crowd cheers and follows the leaders down the path. Cut to the Canyon
Guide running between the kids to follow the path.)

Canyon Guide: I&#x27;m goin&#x27; too! I&#x27;m sick of this place!
Sokka: That&#x27;s some luck you knew Jin Wei and Wei Jin.
Aang: (smiling) You could call it luck. (Grinning evilly) Or, you could
call it... lying!

(Cut to Katara holding Momo in shock and Sokka angry at this
pronouncement.)

Sokka: What!?
Aang: (sheepishly) I made the whole thing up.
Katara: (in disbelief) You did not! (Then in devilish admiration) That is
so wrong.
Aang: (looking around) Now where&#x27;s that custard tart? (Cut to wide shot of
them moving to get on Appa) I&#x27;m starving!

(Shot pans up to the late afternoon sky, then fade to white.)
</pre></td>
      <td><pre class="script">
第十一回
大鸿沟

（The great divide 为一语双关的题目，
divide既有&quot;分水岭&quot;的意思，
又有&quot;分裂&quot;的意思）
-别忘了防水毡！
-是啊，差点忘了
索卡，防水毡不是应该铺在帐篷顶上的吗？
这样下雨就不怕淋湿了
一般来说你这么说是对的
但是鉴于现在正值旱季，你说的完全没必要
-再说了，防水毡还可以当毯子盖，暖得很
-万一下雨该咋办？
那要是没下雨呢？那铺防水毡岂不是白费
真是气死人了
卡塔拉，你只管捡好你的柴就得了
瞧你捡的那几块料，样子长得太抱歉了
你不满意我捡的柴是吧，你捡啊
你干不干你的那份工作，我都无所谓
我找到吃的了，伙计们你们做得...
嘿，营火怎么还没着？帐篷又怎么了？
你为啥不问问自称是“大明白女皇”
的万事通的小姐
多谢夸奖啊
自称是“帐篷之王”
的懒鬼先生
行了，行了
恶语相向解决不了问题
光说不练是嘴把式
不如你们换做对方的工作试试吧
-可以啊
-无所谓
看到了吧，解决了争吵，带来了和平
我这个降世神通真不是盖的
模模，这很公平的，你要知道阿柏可是有五个胃
伙计们，这就是著名的大鸿沟了
-哇，真想在这儿多看一会儿
-不过如此，看够了
索卡，你怎么就能不为其所动呢？
这可是世界上最大的峡谷啊
站在这儿看，还不如咱们飞在空中时看得爽哩
嘿，你们谁都别跟我抢
在峡谷导游这儿我排第一号
哇哦，还有峡谷导游呢，值得瞧瞧啊
他不仅仅是个旅游向导，他还是个御土师
没有他的帮忙，你就压根找不到进出峡谷的路
他马上就会带我们村的人过去
别着急，我们不跟你抢
如果你们像我一样，是个家园被烈火国摧毁、
不得不逃亡的人，哪还能冷静下来呢
我们整个村落步行跋涉千里，
去往土强国都城——永固成
这么说你是难民了
还用你废话？
那边来的就是你们村的人吗？
那些人怎么可能是我们村的？
那群人是“埋汰村”的，一群卑鄙的小偷
（Zhang，应该指脏&lt;zang&gt;，美国人大舌头）
年来，我们两村都视对方为世敌
嘿，埋汰村的，我老早就来为我们村占位了，
你们别想夹塞
你们“干净村“的其他人呢？
还在露营地打扫呢？
（Gan Jin，ganjing，应该是干净，对吧？）
没错，他们派我先行一步来占位
我咋不知道峡谷导游这儿有占位这个规矩呢？
你少见多怪呗
我对你们“埋汰村”的无知真是佩服的五体投地啊
连旅行都这么无组织无纪律
年轻人们，抱歉让你们久等了，
大家都准备好横跨大峡谷了吧
他们当中有一队已经准备好了
我是先来的，我的同伴们正在赶来
人没来，你让我导谁啊？
看来你们要等到明天再来喽
且慢，他们来了
你该不是要优先这些养尊处优的“干净村”人吧
我们也是难民啊，而且我们中有病人急需地方落脚
这个...那个...
我们这儿有老人，漫长的旅行让他们疲惫不堪
病人要优先于老人
如果你们“埋汰村”人不这么邋遢，
就不会有那么多病人了
如果你们不是那么爱干净，
也不会有那么多老掉渣的了
（大老远就能闻见你们的臭味了）
安昂，是该检验你“维和”技巧的时候了
咋解决啊，清官难断家务事，
更何况他们之间有将近年的世仇
大家静一静，这位就是降世神通
大家都相信神通吧，
他一定会调停好，让每个人都开心的
嗯，你们可以组团一起跟导游走嘛
那可不行，与其和这帮肮脏的小偷同行
我宁愿被火宗的人抓走
我们才不愿意和你们这群浮夸的傻子为伍呢
行了，行了，这么着吧
我和你们一起步行，让阿柏驮病了的和老者先过去
这样公平了吧
抱歉了，阿柏，这回你得自己单独行动了
这两个村的世仇可不是闹着玩的
把咱们自己卷进来不太明智吧
说实话，我没把握，
不过放心吧，大风大浪都走过来了
索卡，他可是降世神通，
“维和”可是他的一项重要工作呢
什么破工作，害得我们要步行穿过这里
大家听好，咱们有言在先，不许带吃的进峡谷
吃的有可能会招来危险的食肉动物
吃的都不让带，这太荒唐了
一天不吃东西饿不死人的。
你们是愿意挨饿啊，还是想被怪物吃掉啊
-现在给你们分钟，能吃点就多吃点，
吃不了的都扔了
在我们到达之前，阿柏会好好照顾你们的。
伙计，那边见吧，驾，驾
好功夫啊
孩子，我的工作可不是就是耍耍功夫，
我们还要为各位提供讲解
你们一定都想知道峡谷是怎么形成的
专家告诉我们，这个峡谷极有可能是由于当地
的农民没有上贡适当的祭品
“土灵“一怒之下劈开土地形成的
可能现在土灵的气还没消呢，
希望你们随身都带着祭品呢
大家都离墙远点
你这是干嘛
这些人不是在躲避火宗人嘛
我得确保没人跟踪，现在安全了
咱们得帮帮他
现在谁来帮帮我啊
刚才那是什么啊？
峡谷爬虫，肯定还有很多呢
你的胳膊好像折了
胳膊折了，就不能使御土术了，也就是说...
...我们被困在峡谷中了
原来让大家丢掉食物，就是怕招来这些峡谷爬虫啊
肯定埋汰村人干的，他们带了吃的下来，
连导游的话都不听
什么？饿一天对我是小菜一碟，
肯定是你们这些娇生惯养的带进来的食物
这下高兴了吧，咱们都被困在峡谷里出不去了
那还不都是你们给害的
听着，团结起来出去的唯一道路
我再也不想和他们一起走了
终于有一件事和你们想的一样了
有异议吗？
不能用功夫了，咱们得逃出峡谷，
我可不想在这儿被吃了
听到了吧，多亏了你们，现在咱们要死在这儿了
你们除了会往我们脑袋上扣屎盆子，还会啥？
荣幸之至
够了！我原以为会让你们和睦共处
现在看来是不可能了
我们应该分开走，“干净村”的走这边，
“埋汰村”的走这边
咱们分两条不同的线路走
索卡，你和“埋汰村”一起，卡塔拉，你跟“干净村”
好好查查看，他们为什么这么恨对方
那个，你们也不往帐篷上葡放水毡
放那玩意干嘛，现在可是旱季
可不是呗
再说，可以拿毡子当毯子使
终于有人和我想得一样了
你认为真的会下雨吗？
也不是，不过小心总没坏处，不是吗？
卡塔拉，来吃点面包吧
原来带食物下来的是你们
你该不会认为那帮小偷没有偷运食物吧
要干看着“埋汰村“的那帮人吃东西，我们可不干这傻事
既然大家都带吃的下来了，那也就无所谓了
为什么你们那们恨“埋汰村”啊？
卡塔拉，看你是个明事理的小姑娘，
就跟你讲讲我们的历史吧
我们的族长金维，他是一名御土武士
肩负着重要的使命
从东大门押送我们神圣的宝球
至西大门
将宝球从东运向西代表着太阳的升起和落下
这是我们村子古老的救赎仪式
就在金维要到达东大门时，
一个“埋汰村”的人袭击了他
这个奸人名叫维金，他觊觎宝球很久了
小人维金削倒了金维，偷走了我们神圣的宝球
这段深仇大恨我们永远也不会忘记
永远也不能相信“埋汰村”的人
吃点肉吧？
可以吗？
你一会这么想：我们太坏了，
居然不顾他人安危而带吃的下来
“干净村”的人一定看扁了我们，
一准认为我们带了吃的下来
他们肯定也会带吃的下来，索性我们也就带了
我们和“干净村”的争斗年前就开始了
我们的前辈维金有一天刚出村西门
就看到了不远处有个人影
那个人就是“干净村”的金维，他摔倒在了路上
侠义的维金上前要帮助他
金维当时正在押送一个神圣的宝球，
那个宝球是用于他们村子救赎仪式的圣物
维金试图给金维疗伤，但金维坚持说护送宝球更重要
并请求维金帮他押送宝球回村
好心的维金答应帮助金维会尽快送宝球回去
但他刚进“干净村”就被抓起来了
他们非但没有感谢维金的友善、无私的行为，
反而判他做了年的大牢
他们这么忘恩负义，我们村人永远也不会忘记
真是太可恶了。
你那块肉还吃吗？
能在围坐在营火前该多好
大家一起讲讲故事，说说笑话
没事的，模模，咱们很快就会出去的
到时候好好吃一顿荔枝果，不撑不归
算了，我还是等着吃荔枝吧
感到很孤单吧，做到不偏不倚很难的
希望能让这些人和平相处
但是好像很难做到
不管怎样，现在最大的难题是如何离开这里
其实，这两个难题并不是没有关系
太好了，我们就要走到另一头了
卡塔拉，索卡，
能保证在走出峡谷前让这些人合作共处吗？
这很难说，安昂，鉴于“埋汰村”曾经那样对待“干净村”
他们伏击了金维，并偷走了神圣的宝球
你在说些什么啊？
可不是嘛，卡塔拉，维金并没有偷宝球
他帮助归还宝球至“干净村”，却被他们判进了大牢
要我说，判得罪还不够厉害
好了，好了，我知道了，现在需要你们的帮忙
带大家去峡谷壁的下边
大家听好了，我们出去之后就可以吃东西了
之后我们就各走各路
现在需要大家开动脑筋，
想想办法看怎样才能爬上这个悬崖
也许“埋汰村”的可以用他们恶心的长指甲爬爬试试
哎哟，你不说我还忘了，
在“干净村”不剪指甲就要受年牢狱之灾
-卑鄙的小偷
-浮夸的傻子
我得说多少次啊
恶语相向解决不了问题，光说不练嘴把式
也许神通是对的
是啊，没错
恶语相向永远也解决不了问题
关键是行动
去死吧，这就是你跟我决斗的下场
我收回我说的话行吗？恶语相向也不是很遭嘛
那个...是吃的？
你们居然都偷运吃的下来
真是难以置信
为了一天的零食，居然置他人的安危于不顾，
你们真是太滥了
好饿啊，...那个...是蛋挞吗
天啊，这么多峡谷爬虫啊
我们看来要全军覆没了
他们是回来找我的，知道我好吃，
他们居然回来找我了
索卡，等等，什么世仇都让它见鬼去吧，
我只想咱们能活着出去
我也是这么想，要不是他们给我吃的，
我才不跟他们一伙呢
大家，都看我，我做什么，你们就做什么
现在，大家都跟紧我，离开这个鬼地方
大家都下来吧
我们成功了
我从没想到“干净村”的人手会弄得这么脏
我们也从没见过这么值得信赖的“埋汰村”人
看来我们之间也没有很大差别嘛
太遗憾了，历史并不能因此而改写，
神圣的宝球是被你们这群贼偷走的
你们这帮野蛮人让维金含冤坐牢年
等等！金维？维金？
我知道他们
废话，他们的故事我们都熟
我是说我真的认识他们
我可能看起来很年轻，其实我有岁了。
你们都在谈论的那天，我也在场
发生的事情看起来好像很混乱，其实不然
首先，金维和维金不是敌人，他们是兄弟
实际上是双胞胎，那时他们才岁
更重要的是，他们当初只是在玩游戏
传说中的宝球其实就是个球而已
东门、西门也只是得分的门柱而已
金维持球向球门跑去，将得分时不慎摔倒失了球
维金并没有偷球，他捡起球开始跑向另一球门要得分
可惜出了边界
所以裁判判他进受罚席
但罚期不是年，而仅仅只有分钟
并没有发生偷盗和冤狱这类事发生
游戏而已
你是说神圣的宝球其实只是个神圣的球？
不，只是个普通的球而已
那我们村的救赎仪式该怎么解释呢？
那只是游戏的叫法
一旦有人持球从一门到达另一门时，
所有人都必须大喊“救赎”
不要误解我的意思
维金是有点笨拙，金维是有点自负，这倒是真的
但是他们尊重对方的不同，并共享同一个游戏场
看来是时候忘记过去...
...憧憬未来
伙计，见到你真好，想我吗？
神通，真不知道该怎么感谢你
我只是尽力而已
（而已，而已，用而已已经上瘾了）
咱们汇成一队吧，向永固城开拔
我也跟你们一起去，这个地方我真是待够了
好巧啊，你居然认识金维和维金
你可以说成是凑巧，也可以叫它“瞎话”
什么？！
整件事都是我瞎编的
不是吧，这么做可不对啊
刚才那个蛋挞哪去了？饿死我了！
-=未完待续=-

水善国
土强国
火烈国
气和国
很久以前，
这四大国和谐共处
然而，烈火国发起的战争结束了和平
只有同时掌握四种元素的降世神通才能结束战争
然而在大家最需要他的时候，
他却消失了
年后，我和哥哥发现了新的降世神通，
他是个御气师，名叫“安昂”
尽管他的御气术着实厉害
在拯救苍生之前，他要学的还有很多
但是我坚信
安昂 能拯救这个世界

-=降世神通=-
最后的气宗

第一卷
水
</pre></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
