# S03E06 - The Avatar and the Fire Lord

**Languages:** English / 中文

<div class="script-grid">
  <div class="script-col">
    <div class="script-col-title">English</div>
    <pre class="script">
      The Avatar and the Fire Lord

      Written by: Elizabeth Welch Ehasz
      Directed by: Ethan Spaulding
      Storyboarded by: Oreste Canestrelli, Miyuki Hoshikawa, Dean Kelly, Ethan
      Spaulding
      Animation: JM Animation
      Transcript: Avatar_Mom

      Act I

      (The scene begins with Roku emerging through a wall of fire. He is
      speaking to Aang through a dream.)

      Roku: Aang, it&#x27;s time you learned my history with Fire Lord Sozin. You
      need to understand how the war began, if you want to know how to end it.
      Meet me on my home island on the day of the summer solstice.

      (The dream changes, and an island in the Fire Nation with two volcanoes is
      now shown.) The scene cuts to Aang, asleep on Appa. He rolls over onto his
      side.)

      Aang: (talking in his sleep) Okay, Roku.

      (The scene cuts to Zuko. He is in his room, sleeping on his side.
      Footsteps can be heard in the hallway outside his door. The sound wakes
      him and he rushes to the hall to investigate. As he opens the door, he
      sees a mysterious cloaked figure disappear down the hall. As Zuko gazes
      down the hall, a strong breeze blows through the drapes of the hall. Zuko
      starts off after the figure but is distracted by a scroll placed upright
      in the hall. Surprised, Zuko picks up the scroll and begins to read.)

      Zuko: (speaking aloud) You need to know the story of your
      great-grandfather&#x27;s demise. It will reveal your own destiny.

      (Zuko closes the scroll. Intrigued, he stares down the hallway. The drapes
      are still rustling. The scene cuts to a view from the opposite end of the
      hallway. The camera focuses on Zuko, still standing outside his bedroom,
      drapes still rustling from the breeze. Cut to a bright blue, cloud filled
      sky. A very large cloud moves quickly forward. Cut to the inside of the
      curious cloud. Appa and Aang are shown inside the cloud. Aang, positioned
      on the neck of Appa, bends the elements around Appa to create a cloud of
      camouflage. His arms move quickly around his body in a circular motion.
      Katara and Sokka look over Appa’s saddle for a better look. The island is
      unnervingly desolate.)

      Aang: There it is. That’s Roku’s home.
      Katara: (confused) But there&#x27;s nothing here.

      (Toph jumps from Appa’s saddle. Once her feet hit the ground, she solemnly
      tells Katara and the gang what she can see with her unique vision.)

      Toph: (somberly) Yes, there is. An entire village. Hundreds of houses. (A
      strong breeze moves a layer of ash along the ground, brushing past their
      feet.) All completely buried in ash.

      (The scene changes to show an amazing Fire Nation City, surrounded by
      walls that appear to have been made by waves of lava. Cut to a large and
      impressive hall, full of paintings of Fire Nation Royalty. Zuko stands
      before one of the portraits. Azula passes by Zuko, and makes a
      suggestion.)

      Azula: It&#x27;s never too early for a sitting with the court painter, Zuko.
      (sarcastically) Make sure he gets your good side.

      (Zuko, glints away from his sister, clearly upset with his sister’s off
      color comment. Suddenly his face changes. He turns to speak to her as she
      continues down the hall.)

      Zuko: Wait. I need to ask you something. What do you remember about our
      Great-Grandfather&#x27;s history‌
      Azula: (sighs) Ah, Zuko. (The camera angle changes to an overhead view of
      the hall, the siblings, and the majestic paintings.)It&#x27;s so strange how
      your mind works. (The camera focuses on Sozin’s portrait. It slowly pans
      up from the bottom of the painting. It rest’s on Sozin’s face, a comet
      arching in flight over his head. Azula continues to tell Zuko Sozin’s
      history.) Fire Lord Sozin began the war, of course. He spent his early
      years secretly preparing for it, but he was as patient as he was clever.
      He famously waited for the comet, later renamed Sozin&#x27;s comet, and used
      its power to launch his full-scale invasion of the world. (The camera
      angle changes. The siblings are shown, standing side by side, looking up
      at the painting, Azula finishes the story.) In the end, he died a very old
      and successful man.
      Zuko: (confused) But how did he die‌
      Azula: Didn&#x27;t you pay any attention in school, Zuko‌ (Azula begins to walk
      away. She walks off camera as she finishes her sentence.)He died
      peacefully, in his sleep. He was ancient.

      (Zuko stares, his face furrows in frustration. Cut to Roku’s island. The
      gang is shown, from a distance. They are sitting on the tip of a hardened
      wave of lava. Cut to Aang from the back. He is facing the ocean which is
      ablaze in gold and orange as the sunsets. Aang is meditating. His arrows
      glow, and he is shown sitting atop a mountain top in an alternate reality,
      possibly the Spirit World. He is surrounded by an ocean of clouds. Roku’s
      dragon flies into the shot. He flies in behind Aang, who is now standing.
      Roku smiles gently, and a breeze tussles his white hair and beard. The
      scene cuts. Zuko is in his room, laying on his back on his bed. He rolls
      over on his side and stares at the puzzling scroll. He picks up the scroll
      and reads it to himself again.)

      Zuko: (frustrated) What does it mean‌ (Annoyed, he tosses the scroll
      aside. It lands on his bedside lantern. The light from within the lantern
      shines through the parchment. It reveals a secret message on the scroll.
      Zuko gasps and grabs the scroll from atop the lantern. He reads aloud.)The
      Fire Sages keep the secret history in the Dragon Bone Catacombs. (The
      camera focuses on Zuko’s eyes as he finishes reading the discovered
      message. Zuko quickly turns to leave. Cut to a dark and ominous temple. It
      stands stately, bathed in soft red light. Fire Sages walk the grounds.
      Zuko is hiding and waiting behind a pillar, out of sight. He sees a Fire
      Sage walking through a courtyard. The courtyard is large. In the middle of
      the courtyard floor, a large medallion fashioned in the shape of a flower
      is seen. The Fire Sage stops directly over the ornate medallion on the
      ground. He crouches low, and delivers a blast of fire into the center of
      the design. It begins to open, a hidden passage is under the courtyard of
      the temple. The Sage disappears into the floor. Zuko sits behind the
      pillar to wait until it is safe for him to use the secret passage himself.
      When all is quiet, Zuko goes to the secret passage, and bends a blast of
      fire into the medallion just as the sage had. The passage opens, and a
      spiral staircase is revealed along with a very large secret chamber. Zuko
      travels through the chamber and down a hall lined with what appears to be
      the bones of dragons, all lined up along the walls of the hall. He then
      comes to an ornate door with what appears to be a metal sculpture of Fire
      Lord Sozin on it. On the chest of the sculpture is a Fire Nation emblem.
      Zuko places his left hand over the emblem, and delivers a powerful fire
      blast. The fire fills the door, and pours out from the statue’s eyes, nose
      and mouth. As the door opens, cobwebs pull apart and fall to the side of
      the door. As Zuko enters the room, he pulls his cloak from his head and
      raises his lantern to look around the dark chamber. The room is filled
      with artifacts and various vessels. A large and intricate dragon statue
      sits in the middle of the room. Under the dragon’s head, Zuko finds what
      he is looking for.)

      Zuko: (reading aloud) The final testament of Fire Lord Sozin.

      (The scene cuts to Aang reaching for Roku to climb on the back of the
      dragon.)

      Roku: Come, Aang. (The three fly off over the clouds)
      Aang: (curious) Where are we going‌
      Roku: (smiling) To visit my past. Our shared past.

      (Aang smiles, and the three fly out of the shot. Cut to the chamber where
      Zuko sits, reading fervently. While Zuko reads, Fire Lord Sozin’s voice is
      heard. He narrates the following story.)

      Sozin: (narrates) As I feel my own life dimming, I can&#x27;t help but think of
      a time when everything was so much brighter. (The scene cuts, and we see a
      lush and green Fire Nation Courtyard. Two young firebenders are sparing.
      The young men exchange fire blasts in an impressive display of
      firebending. The two young men are Sozin and Roku.) I remember my friend.
      (While they spar, Sozin notices that Roku’s feet are too close to a tree
      root. Sozin smiles, and uses this to his advantage. He steps up his attack
      to drive Roku back, causing Roku to trip and fall back. As Roku falls,
      Sozin grabs Roku by the shirt to keep him from falling. While he holds
      him, he raises his hand as if to fire blast, but instead he lets Roku fall
      to the ground.)

      Sozin: (smiling) Looks like I win again, Roku. (Sozin extends his hand to
      help Roku to his feet.)
      Roku: Are you kidding‌ (Raises eyebrows, and takes Sozin’s hand.) The tree
      root did all the work. (Roku gets back on his feet, and pats Sozin on the
      shoulder to praise his clever maneuver.) Nice one, Sozin. (The two young
      men walk off camera while Roku and Aang watch.)
      Aang: (surprised)You were friends with Fire Lord Sozin‌!
      Roku: Back then, he was just Prince Sozin, and he was my best friend.

      (Roku and Sozin leave the courtyard. A lovely young Fire Nation woman
      enters the scene. As she walks past the friends, Roku stares at her and
      blushes. Sozin notices.)

      Sozin: (nudging Roku) Say something to her.

      (Roku walks after the young woman. He raises his hand and attempts to
      greet her.)

      Roku: Uh...ahhh. (Embarrassed, and overcome by her presence, Roku sighs
      and puts his hands on his head and falls back onto the ground. Sozin sits
      down next to him and sprinkle’s blades of grass onto Roku’s face. Roku and
      Aang can now be seen in the back, watching Roku’s history unfold. The
      camera closes in on Aang and Roku.)
      Roku: Love is hard when you&#x27;re young.
      Aang: You don&#x27;t have to tell me.
      Roku: (puts his hand on Aang’s shoulder) Don&#x27;t worry, It gets better. Now
      come with me. We have a party to attend. (Cut to a lovely outdoor
      celebration in a courtyard. Cheerful golden lanterns are strung above a
      large crowd of Fire Nation citizens. The camera pans down, and we see a
      large staircase with two figures standing at the top.)
      Aang: Wait, whose party is it‌
      Roku: Sozin and I shared many things, including a birthday.

      (The camera now focuses on Roku and Prince Sozin at the top of the stairs.
      As they walk down the stairs, the camera focuses on two young women in the
      crowd. One of them is Roku’s love interest. She watches Roku, then looks
      down and blushes. Her friend leans over her shoulder and giggles. Roku has
      noticed the young woman’s interest and blushes while he continues down the
      stairs. Distracted, Roku begins to fall down the stairs. Sozin acts
      quickly and grabs Roku by the hand, saving him from falling. Roku,
      composes himself, and blushes again from embarrassment. Sozin laughs at
      his love smitten friend. The moment ends quickly, as the crowd suddenly
      grows quiet. A group of Fire Nation Sages have entered the courtyard. They
      are walking toward Prince Sozin and Roku. Sozin hurries down the stairs to
      meet them.)

      Sozin: (concerned) Did something happen to my father‌
      Fire Nation Sage: No, Prince Sozin. We are not here for you. We are here
      to announce the identity of the next avatar. (The guests are no longer
      quiet as whispers travel through the crowd. Cut to Roku and Sozin, both in
      shock. Cut again to a close up of the sages. The Sages make the
      announcement, and they bow to respect the new Avatar.)It is our honor to
      serve you, Avatar Roku.

      (Cut to a close up of Roku, standing with his jaw dropped, in disbelief.
      The camera shows the crowd on the ground, all bowing. Sozin, who is still
      in shock himself, looks around at the crowd. Then he quickly turns to
      kneel before Roku. The scene slows fades and ends with Roku still standing
      at the top of the stairs.)

      Act II

      (The scene opens with Zuko sitting in the chamber reading. The camera pans
      down to show him holding the scroll. His lantern still casting an orange
      glow against his body. Cut to a side close up of his face reading Firelord
      Sozin’s history. As he reads, Sozin’s narration is still heard. Fade from
      Zuko’s close up, to a close up of Roku, sitting in his room. He is staring
      down towards the floor.)

      Sozin: (narrates) Soon the day came when my friend Roku had to leave the
      Fire Nation and face his destiny as the Avatar. He needed to travel the
      world so he could master the other elements.

      (Sozin appears in the doorway of Roku’s room.)

      Sozin: (leaning against the door frame) Hey, why aren&#x27;t you packed yet,
      all-powerful Avatar‌

      (Roku doesn’t move, and continues to stare. The camera focuses on Sozin’s
      face. Sozin looks down, he sympathizes with is friend. Suddenly, Sozin’s
      face perks up.)

      Sozin: (smiling) Come on, show me how it&#x27;s done…(Cut to another view of
      Roku’s room. Sozin leaps in the shot, attempting to demonstrate examples
      of all the bending disciplines.) using all four kinds of bending. (Sozin
      ends his routine with a cheerful smile. Cut to an overhead view of Roku
      sitting on his bed. The camera closes in on him slowly as he speaks.)
      Roku: (depressed) I started packing, but then the fire sages told me
      I won&#x27;t need any worldly possessions anymore. (Cut to Sozin, who loses his
      smile, and sits down beside his friend.)
      Sozin: (saddened) Oh.

      (Cut to a view of Roku and Sozin, sitting next to each other on Roku’s
      bed. There is an open, but empty trunk at Roku’s feet.)

      Roku: It happened so fast. Everything&#x27;s going to be different now.
      Sozin: (Blinks, and a small smile is seen briefly. He reaches up toward
      his head dress. He removes it from his topknot, and holds it out towards
      Roku.) Here. (Cut to a close up of the royal head dress)I hope you&#x27;re at
      least allowed to have this.
      Roku: But this is a royal artifact. (Cut to a view of the two still
      sitting, Sozin holding the head dress in his hand.) It&#x27;s supposed to be
      worn by the crown prince.
      Sozin: (leans in) I want you to have it.

      (Roku accepts the gift, and places it around his own top knot. The camera
      focuses on Roku’s top knot as he slides the pin into place, then pans out
      to show Roku smiling. The two friends stand up, and bow towards one
      another. Cut to Zuko still sitting on the floor reading. The camera pans
      out. Cut to a close up of Sokka, Katara, and Toph. Sokka and Katara looked
      disturbed. The camera angle changes, and we see Aang with his eyes still
      closed, stand up on the rock he has been meditating on. Aang crouches down
      in a peculiar way, and begins to grunt. He appears to be relieving
      himself. Cut back to the gang. Katara looks alarmed.)

      Katara: (disgusted) Do they have bathrooms in the spirit world‌
      Sokka: (raising his index finger) As a matter of fact, they do not.

      (Cut to Aang smiling, still in the peculiar stance. Cut again to Aang
      riding on the back of Roku’s dragon in the spirit world. The camera angle
      changes to an aerial view of Roku and Aang soaring over the clouds. Aang
      notices they are on their way to a familiar place.)

      Aang: (excited) Hey, we&#x27;re almost at the Southern Air Temple.
      Roku: This was the first stop on my avatar journey.

      (The camera angle changes, and the beautiful Patola mountains are shown
      with the Southern Air Temple in the distance. Fang flies gracefully
      through the mountain range. Cut to a line of young Air Nomad monks. The
      camera pans right to show Avatar Roku, at the end of the line. He is
      annoying a young monk to his right. Roku is airbending his long black hair
      in the monk’s face.)

      Roku: It was the place where I was trained to master airbending and also
      where I met an old friend of yours, Monk Gyatso.

      (Gyatso then effortlessly air bends Roku’s hair back, causing his hair to
      tangle. Roku nudge’s Gyatso forward. Gyatso is very satisfied and smiles.)

      Aang: (surprised) No way.

      (The scene changes, and an aerial view of the airbenders on a grassy ledge
      is shown. An older Air Nomad leads the students in an airbending exercise.
      He launches off the side of the ledge. The students line up by twos to
      follow their teacher. Cut to Gyatso and Ruko soaring through the air on
      their gliders.)

      Roku: Hey, Gyatso, you want to see a new glider trick‌ (Roku flies up and
      loops twice in the air.)
      Gyatso: (laughing) Check this out. (Gyatso flips his himself over, and
      stands on top of his glider. Cut to Roku and Aang, sitting on Fang.)
      Aang: (impressed)) He&#x27;s air-surfing. I can&#x27;t believe I never thought of
      that.

      (As Gyatso shows off his skill, he loses his balance, and begins to fall
      through the sky. Roku catches him on the back of his glider.
      Unfortunately, Roku is unable to control the glider, and the both plummet
      towards the other young monks who are now back on the grassy ledge. Cut to
      the other students looking up at the falling airbenders. They panic and
      try to run to get out of their way. Cut to a side view of Roku and Gyatso,
      flying low about to crash. They crash off camera, and a large cloud of
      dust enters the shot. Cut to the young monks knocked over, and scattered
      about. Roku’s hair is in his face. Gyatso air bends it back while Roku
      lifts his head. They both smile, and Roku pats Gyatso on his shoulder. Cut
      to a close up of Aang.)

      Aang: (smiling) That&#x27;s amazing. I can&#x27;t believe you were friends with Monk
      Gyatso just like I was. (The camera pans out quickly to show Roku.)
      Roku: (fondly) Some friendships are so strong, (closes his eyes) they can
      even transcend lifetimes.

      (Fang slowly flies out of the scene with Roku and Aang on his back. Cut to
      a panoramic view of the North Pole. In the distance, we can see two
      figures on a plateau of ice. Cut to Roku standing on the table of a small
      glacier. He is older now. His hair is shorter, around shoulder length. He
      has chiseled features, and the beginnings of a beard.)

      Roku: After my years mastering airbending, I traveled to the Northern
      Water Tribe. (Cut to Roku’s water bending master. His hair is short with
      familiar beaded dreads of hair around the face. He wears a collar of bone
      with a blue stone, and a blue water tribe parka. The Water Bending Master
      commands a large, spiraling water spout from the ocean waters behind him.
      It curls, turns and twists before finally thrusting forward, knocking
      Roku, and a fourth of the glacier, into the water.) Waterbending was
      especially challenging for me. (Cut to a shot of the water.) But in time,
      I mastered it as well. (Roku emerges from the water, and bends an enormous
      wave of water directly at his master standing on the glacier. The blast
      destroys the glacier, and carries his waterbending master all the way back
      to the top of the North Water Tribe Temple. His master sits up, and shakes
      his head to get his bearings. Cut to Roku, standing on an ice float,
      lowering his stance. A smile of satisfaction sits upon his face. The scene
      fades into the next. Roku stands shirtless. From the waist down he wears
      Earth Kingdom clothing. His hair and beard are longer. He moves his arms
      in quick strong motions across his body to earth bend a large piece of
      earth he is riding up the side of a mountain.)

      Roku: (narrating) I moved on to the Earth Kingdom. (Cut to Roku racing up
      the slope, another Earth Bender enters the scene. He is racing Roku. The
      point of view changes, and we see Roku again, looking at his master as
      they compete for speed.)My Earthbending master, Sud, was uncompromising,
      stubborn, and blunt. (The two benders race their landmasses into thick
      brush and trees. Then, they disappear from view. Cut to a view from the
      top of the mountain overlooking a valley.)… and a lifelong friend.(Sud
      races into the shot, coming closer to the camera. He quickly brings his
      landmass to a halt. He thrusts his fists into the air, confidently
      cheering for himself. The look on his face changes quickly when he
      realizes that Roku not only beat him to the top, he also had arrived in
      enough time to seat himself, and pour them both tea. Sud smiles at his
      pupil. Cut to a long shot of Roku and Sud. They both raise their teacups
      to toast. The scene dissolves into a close up of Roku’s head dress and
      slowly pans down to show his face in an extreme close-up.) It was bitter
      work…( The camera pans back to a medium shot of Roku on a beach. He moves
      his arms to bend the different elements in a display of mastery. He starts
      by Waterbending to his left, Earthbending to the front, Firebending
      behind, and Airbending to his right. The camera pans to an aerial view of
      Roku at the center of the 4 elements he commands.) but the results were
      worth it. (The scene cuts in a wash of white light followed by a shot of
      Zuko, still reading Sozin’s history in the chamber. An extreme close up
      shows his eyes quivering with each word he reads.)

      Sozin: (narrating) Twelve long years passed before I saw my friend again.
      When Roku returned, he was a fully realized Avatar, and I had changed as
      well.

      (A wall of flames fade Zuko’s shot, into the next. The camera is behind
      Sozin sitting in his throne room. Roku enters the shot, he walks down a
      long ornate red carpet towards Sozin.)

      Roku: (cheerfully) Sozin, or should I say, Fire Lord.
      Sozin: (seriously) Customarily, my subjects bow before greeting me, but
      you&#x27;re the exception.

      (Aang and Roku watch the scene from across the room.)

      Roku: After all these years, he was still my best friend (Fade to a
      wedding ceremony and celebration in a Fire Nation Courtyard. Many guests
      are in attendance, even citizen’s from other nations. To Roku’s right is
      Sozin who is holding a scroll.)And a few months later, he was my best man.

      Aang: (excited) Roku, it&#x27;s that girl who didn&#x27;t even know you were alive.

      (Roku lifts his brides veil.)

      Roku: (fondly) Ta Min. I was persistent. When love is real, it finds a
      way, and being the Avatar doesn&#x27;t hurt your chances with the ladies,
      either.

      (Cut to a medium shot of Zuko. As he continues to read the history, the
      narration changes to the voice of Sozin. Fade to a medium shot of Sozin
      deep in thought.)

      Sozin: (narrates) On wedding days, we look to the future with optimism and
      joy. I had my own vision for a brighter future.

      (Cut to Roku and Ta Min receiving and thanking guests. Sozin walks up
      behind the couple.)

      Sozin: (leaning in) Excuse me. May I borrow him for a moment‌
      Ta Min: (considering) It&#x27;s not very traditional, but ok.

      (Cut to Roku and Sozin on a balcony. The lanterns in the courtyard can be
      seen below.)

      Roku: What&#x27;s on your mind‌
      Sozin: (seriously) I&#x27;ve been thinking hard about the state of the world
      lately.
      Roku: (trying to lighten the mood) Sozin, it&#x27;s my wedding. Have a cookie.
      Dance with someone. Lighten up.
      Sozin: I know, I know, but just hear me out. Right from the start, I was
      destined to be Fire Lord. And although we didn&#x27;t always know it, you were
      destined to be the Avatar. It&#x27;s an amazing stroke of fate we know each
      other so well, isn&#x27;t it‌ Together, we could do…anything.
      Roku: (concerned) Yeah…we could.
      Sozin: (proud) Our nation is enjoying an unprecedented time of peace and
      wealth. Our people are happy, and we&#x27;re so fortunate in so many ways.
      Roku: (growing more concerned) Where are you going with this‌
      Sozin: I&#x27;ve been thinking. We should share this prosperity with the rest
      of the world. In our hands is the most successful empire in history. It&#x27;s
      time we expanded it.
      Roku: (firmly) No. The four nations are meant to be just that: four.
      Sozin: (emphatically) Roku, you haven&#x27;t even stopped to consider the
      possibilities.
      Roku: (angry) There are no possibilities. This is the last I want to hear
      about this.
      Roku: (narrating) That was my first real test as the Avatar.

      (Roku walks away from Sozin. He is clearly upset with their conversation.
      Sozin can be seen in the background. He watches Roku walk away. Cut to
      Sozin, fuming with anger at being dismissed by Roku. Cut to an extreme
      close up of Sozin’s eyes, full of anger and hate.)

      Roku: (narrating) Unfortunately, it was many years before I learned that
      Sozin had gone ahead with his plan, despite my warning.

      (The last scene dissolves. Roku and Fang are flying over a body of water,
      approaching land. As Roku flies over, he sees an Earth Nation dock, but as
      the camera pans up, he sees an Earth Nation fortress with plumes of smoke
      rising from inside. A Fire Nation banner is strewn over the original Earth
      Kingdom symbol, covering it. The camera pulls in more to an extreme close
      up of the Fire Nation banner. Cut to a medium shot of Roku, shocked by his
      discovery. Cut to Roku, bursting through the doors of Fire Lord Sozin’s
      throne room. Cut to an overhead shot of Roku’s shadow in the doorway cast
      on the long red carpet.)

      Roku: (infuriated) I&#x27;ve seen the colony, Sozin. How dare you occupy Earth
      Kingdom territory!
      Sozin: (bitter with anger) How dare you, a citizen of the Fire Nation,
      address your Fire Lord this way. Your loyalty is to our nation first.
      Anything less makes you a traitor.
      Roku: Don&#x27;t do this, Sozin. Don&#x27;t challenge me. It will only end badly.
      It&#x27;s over.

      (Avatar Roku lowers his eyes in disappointment, and turns to walk away. As
      he leaves, Firelord Sozin becomes filled with uncontrollable rage. He
      leaps from his throne and bends a deadly blast of fire at his former
      friend. The POV shows the mighty blasts from Sozin’s hands, streaming
      steadily from his clenched fists. As the flames lift, and the room can be
      seen again, Roku is nowhere to be found. Cut to a medium shot of Sozin,
      still fuming with anger, but clearly concerned about Roku’s whereabouts.
      His eyes shift from side to side, trying to find Roku. Roku breaks through
      the floor behind him, he had used Earth Bending to sink into the floor to
      safety. As he emerges, he delivers a mighty blast of air that sends Sozin
      flying across the room, and slams him into the doors of the throne room.
      As Sozin drops to the floor, Roku wastes no time Earth Bending a pillar of
      Earth that lifts Sozin into the air and pins him by the back of his robes
      to the ceiling. Sozin is helpless. Cut to an extreme close up of Avatar
      Roku, his face gripped by fury. He calmly brings his hands together in
      front of his face, and his eyes spark. The avatar spirit now flows through
      him. Cut to a long shot of the throne room. He brings the supports of the
      throne room crashing down. Cut to an aerial shot of the devastation seen
      from outside of the throne room. Cut to a medium shot of Sozin, uncovering
      his face to witness the destruction. Roku airbends a cyclone of air, and
      raises himself up to face Sozin.)

      Roku: I&#x27;m sparing you, Sozin. I&#x27;m letting you go in the name of our past
      friendship, but I warn you, even a single step out of line will result in
      your permanent end.

      (Sozin stares at Roku, his face unchanged. Suddenly, his expression drops,
      and he hangs his head in defeat. Roku turns, and rides the cyclone quickly
      away from Sozin, and out of the shot.)

      Act III

      (The scene opens to show Roku’s island. Cut to a long shot of Roku
      sleeping peacefully next to his wife in his home.)

      Roku: (narrates) Sozin and I didn&#x27;t speak or see each other for 25 years
      after our battle. I spent most of my spare time here at my home.

      (A loud rumbling whooshing noise wakes Roku. He springs from his bed, and
      looks out a window. He sees several large fireballs falling from the sky,
      and crashing into the island. Roku and his wife flee the room. As Roku
      flees from the room, his headpiece falls to the floor, and is left behind.
      Roku emerges from the house to find the air saturated with smoke and ash.
      Coughing, Roku and his wife shield their faces. Ta Min runs towards a
      corner of the house, away from Roku.)

      Roku: (reaches for Ta Min) Let&#x27;s go.

      (Roku airbends a tunnel into the clouds of smoke to help his wife and
      others escape safely. Cut to a view of the town. Townspeople are running
      through the streets to escape the waves of smoke and ash that now pour
      through the streets. Cut to Roku’s home. Fang flies up from behind the
      house. He narrowly escapes as an ashflow completely buries the house. Cut
      to a wide shot of Roku, with his face covered, leading his wife and many
      townspeople to safety. Ash continues to fall as we see a swell of lava
      ooze from the mouth of the volcano. Cut to a close up of Roku still
      running. He looks to his wife, the POV changes to Roku’s. He let’s go of
      her hand, and motions her to go on without him. With her arm still
      outstretched, she looks at him, and runs to safety. She continues to look
      back, desperately hoping Roku will grab her hand. Ta Min runs off camera
      with many of the townspeople. Avatar Roku turns to face the advancing
      destruction. He airbends a hug dome of protection around himself. Cut to
      the townspeople POV of the air dome from the life boats off shore. Cut to
      a reaction shot of Ta Min, a young man to her right, and a young woman to
      her left. They look up, at the catastrophe stricken with fear. Cut to a
      wide shot of Firelord Sozin, watching Roku’s island burn from his
      balcony.)

      Sozin: (narrates) Roku&#x27;s island was 100 miles away. But I could still feel
      it rumbling and see the black plume of smoke. I had never seen anything
      like this catastrophe.

      (Cut to an aerial shot of the volcano. Large columns of black smoke billow
      from the summit. Suddenly,lightning strikes above the volcano as the earth
      rumbles from the disaster. Cut to a close up of a landslide quickly
      approaching the town, threatening to destroy it completely. Thinking fast,
      Roku earth bends a gigantic wall, and rides the wall to meet the falling
      earth, and stop its decline. As he succeeds in stopping one disaster,
      another appears. The volcano ejects a massive wave of molten lava from its
      mouth. The flow breeches the wall of earth. Roku runs to the bottom of the
      summit, and cuts into the earth using his earthbending. He creates a
      channel to divert the lava into the surrounding ocean, away from the town,
      and the bay of the island. Cut to a wide shot of the island. The channel
      fills with lava, and empties into the ocean. Cut to Roku and Aang watching
      the destruction.)

      Aang: (in awe) This is amazing, Roku. You&#x27;re battling a volcano, and
      you&#x27;re winning.
      Roku: Unfortunately, my success didn&#x27;t last, Aang. There was no way I
      could do it all.

      (Cut to Roku surrounded by lava and smoke. He covers his face as lava
      leaps around him, and toxic gases spout up around him. Roku slowly turns
      to look up at the top of the volcano. As the camera pans up and focuses on
      the mouth of the volcano, it violently expels another fire fountain of
      lava. Roku runs toward the volcano, and leaps into the black sky. He blows
      a powerful blast of air from his mouth at the rapid lava flow. The blast
      is so powerful; it causes him to rise in the air. The lava flow cools to
      rock, and Roku lands on it. Suddenly, a blast of poisonous gas spouts to
      his right, he turns and covers his face. He turns to the jet, airbending
      it away. Suddenly lava appears on his right. Another jet of gases blasts
      to his left, and he quickly air bends it as well.)

      Ruko: (narrates) Battling the elements was hard enough. I had to do it
      while I could barely breathe. The poisonous, volcanic gasses were
      overwhelming.

      (Cut to an overhead shot of the sky directly over the eruption. Lightning
      crashes around the crater as Fang flies into shot. The summit emits
      another lava fountain. Fang pulls back, narrowly escaping the blast.)

      Roku: (covering his face with his arm) It&#x27;s all right, Fang. Get out of
      here, I&#x27;m fine.

      (Roku turns his body from side to side. His movements are strong. When he
      faces the camera again, Roku’s face is fierce and his eyes are aglow, he
      has entered the avatar state. With a powerful blow from his fist, Roku
      earth bends a tremor through the volcano, knocking out the entire backside
      of the crater. This lessens the lava flow that was threatening to engulf
      the island. As the lava flows down, the second volcano erupts. Roku
      hopelessly drops his head. Cut to a view of Roku from behind. Sozin, on a
      blue dragon, enters the shot.)

      Sozin: Need a hand, old friend‌
      Roku: (surprised) Sozin‌!
      Sozin: There&#x27;s not a moment to waste.

      (Cut to an aerial view of the two volcanoes. Sozin and Roku ride on the
      blue dragon’s back to the second eruption. Cut to a medium shot of Roku
      bending the fire fountain down into the crater. Cut to Sozin balanced on
      the mouth of the vent. He helps cool the lava by displacing the heat and
      channeling it through himself, and out through his other hand into the
      turbulent sky. The scene pans out to show the silhouettes of the two
      friends, commanding and controlling the devastation. Cut to a view of the
      volcanoes from the POV of the towns people in the boats off shore. Cut to
      a medium shot of Ta Min. Her face is anxiously fixed on the volcanoes. The
      scene cuts back to Roku and Sozin on the edge of the crater. Lightning
      blasts above Sozin. The earth beneath him becomes unstable. He begins to
      fall back off the side of the volcano. Roku quickly earth bends an earth
      shelf to catch Sozin. Stable again, Sozin looks to Roku for a moment.
      Suddenly, the earth violently shakes and another surge of ash and rock
      shoot from the crater. The two turn to run. )

      Ruko: Don&#x27;t breathe the toxic gas.

      (As the two run, a jet of toxic gas shoots up directly next to Sozin. Roku
      quickly air bends it away to protect Sozin. Suddenly gas erupts directly
      into Roku faces. Roku is overcome and disorientated.)

      Roku: (shaking) It&#x27;s... too much.

      (Cut to Roku’s POV. He lifts his hands to look at them. They blur out of
      focus. Overwhelmed by the poisons, Roku begins to buckle and falls to his
      knees. He looks up toward Sozin, and holds out his hand for help.)

      Roku: (begging) Please...
      Sozin: (callously) Without you, all my plans are suddenly possible.

      (Cut to a medium shot of Roku. His arm is still reaching out towards
      Firelord Sozin. He listens to Sozin in disbelief as Sozin delivers his
      death sentence.)

      Sozin: I have a vision for the future, Roku.

      (Sozin’s dragon appears. As Roku kneels, weak and vulnerable, Sozin mounts
      the dragon and flies away. Cut to Roku, on the side of the volcano. He is
      surrounded by toxic gas, and behind him a surge of rock and ash flows
      swiftly toward him. Cut to a wide shot of the black clouds billowing from
      the island. Sozin’s dragon emerges from the plumes. The camera zooms to an
      extreme close up of Sozin’s piercing amber eye. Cut quickly to Roku, from
      the back, still on his knees. He is coughing, and is unable to get to his
      feet. Fang appears from the right, and flies above him. Cut to a close up
      side view of Roku, he bravely looks up towards his dragon. Cut to a view
      of the debris, rapidly approaching Avatar Roku. With the avalanche just
      moments away from swallowing Roku, Fang flies down, and wraps himself
      around Roku. The wave of ash and rubble cover the two completely. Fade to
      a soothing bright light flooding an arched window frame. A baby’s coos can
      be heard. The camera pans down to show a chubby, smiling infant. Cut to a
      long shot of three Air Nomads. A nun holds up the baby to the light while
      the infant’s parents stand in the shadows to the right of the nun.)

      Aang: (off camera) Who&#x27;s…wait, that&#x27;s me, isn&#x27;t it‌
      Ruko: Make sense of our past Aang, and you will bring peace and restore
      balance in the world.

      (Avatar Roku slowly disappears behind Aang.)

      Aang: (calls out) Roku‌ Roku‌

      (Slow fade to a wide shot of Sozin’s chamber in the Dragon Bones
      Catacombs. Zuko is still seated on the floor, reading. Cut to a shot of
      Sozin from the back. He is standing on a balcony, overlooking his soldiers
      and Fire Nation Navy.)

      Sozin: (narrates) With Roku gone, and the great comet returning, the
      timing was perfect to change the world. I knew the next avatar would be
      born an air nomad. So I wiped out the air temples. But somehow, the new
      avatar eluded me. I wasted the remainder of my life searching in vain. I
      know he&#x27;s hiding out there somewhere. The Fire Nation&#x27;s greatest
      threat…the last airbender.

      (Cut to a shot of the Southern Air Temple, devastated by fire. Slowly a
      close up of Fire Lord Sozin’s eyes appear underneath the destruction. The
      two images stay in the shot in juxtaposition, and then cuts to a Fire Navy
      ship sailing through glaciers. Cut to the underside of the ship seen from
      under the water. The camera pans down to reveal Aang and Appa surrounded
      by a sphere of ice. The scene fades to a close up of the scroll Zuko has
      been reading.)

      Zuko: (disappointed) That can&#x27;t be it, where&#x27;s the rest of it‌

      (Zuko puts the scroll down, as the camera pans out. Cut to the Fire Nation
      prison where they are holding Uncle Iroh. Cut to the back of Zuko,
      slamming the door to the cell behind him as he enters. Cut to Iroh sitting
      with his head down. His hair is tangled in tendrils that loosely lay about
      his face.)

      Zuko: (shouting) You sent this, didn&#x27;t you‌ I found the secret history.
      Which, by the way should be renamed &quot;the history most people already
      know.&quot; The note said that I needed to know about my great-grandfather&#x27;s
      death, but he was still alive in the end.
      Iroh: (looks up toward Zuko) No…he wasn&#x27;t.
      Zuko: (irked) What are you talking about‌
      Iroh: You have more than one great-grandfather, Prince Zuko. Sozin was
      your father&#x27;s grandfather. Your mother&#x27;s grandfather was Avatar Roku.
      Zuko: (shocked) Why are you telling me this‌
      Iroh: Because understanding the struggle between your two
      great-grandfathers, can help you better understand the battle within
      yourself. Evil and good are always at war inside you, Zuko. It is your
      nature, your legacy. But there is a bright side. What happened generations
      ago can be resolved now…by you. Because of your legacy, you alone can
      cleanse the sins of our family and the fire nation. Born in you, along
      with all this strife, is the power to restore balance to the world.

      (Cut to a bundle inside of a brick wall. Iroh removes a brick and reaches
      for the bundle. Cut to Iroh slowly unwrapping the bundle while he walks
      toward Zuko.)

      Iroh: This is a royal artifact. It&#x27;s supposed to be worn by the crown
      prince.

      (Zuko reaches out and takes Roku’s head dress from Iroh’s hand. Zuko holds
      the artifact while the camera angle changes to a wide long shot of the
      back of Zuko, standing outside of Iroh’s cell. Iroh stands quietly,
      looking at his nephew as a soft light glows from above his cell. Cut to a
      wide shot of the hardened lava wave the gang had been sitting on from the
      previous act. Cut to a medium shot of Sokka, Katara and Toph all facing
      Aang as the camera pans down.)

      Katara: (in disbelief)You mean, after all Roku and Sozin went through
      together…even after Roku showed him mercy, Sozin betrayed him like that‌
      Toph: It&#x27;s like these people are born bad.
      Aang: No, that&#x27;s wrong. I don&#x27;t think that was the point of what Roku
      showed me at all.
      Sokka: (confused) Then what was the point‌
      Aang: Roku was just as much Fire Nation as Sozin was, right‌ If anything,
      their story proves anyone&#x27;s capable of great good and great evil.
      Everyone, even the Fire Lord
      and the Fire Nation have to be treated like they&#x27;re worth giving a chance.
      And I also think it was about friendships.
      Toph: Do you really think friendships can last more than one lifetime‌
      Aang: (grabbing Toph’s hand) I don&#x27;t see why not.

      (Katara enters the shot, and reaches out to hold Toph’s hand as well.)

      Sokka: (stroking his face) Well, scientifically speaking, there&#x27;s no way
      to prove that..
      Katara: (annoyed, she interrupts her brother) Oh, Sokka, just hold hands.

      (Sokka stops talking, and without moving, he thrusts out his hand to hold
      Katara’s. The camera angle changes, and now shows the gang holding hands
      looking out towards the ocean. The camera pans out, and fades.)

      [End Credits]
</pre>
  </div>
  <div class="script-col">
    <div class="script-col-title">中文</div>
    <pre class="script">
第六回
降世神通与烈火王

30
00:01:25,507 --&gt; 00:01:30,304
安昂，该是时候让你了解我和烈火王苏进的渊源了

31
00:01:30,387 --&gt; 00:01:36,060
你只有了解到这场战争的来龙去脉
才有可能找到终止它的办法

32
00:01:36,393 --&gt; 00:01:40,522
夏至日时到我以前居住的岛上来见我吧

33
00:01:43,776 --&gt; 00:01:45,944
好的，罗库大师

34
00:01:57,414 --&gt; 00:02:02,377
探究你曾祖父去世的故事

35
00:02:02,461 --&gt; 00:02:04,338
它会揭示你自己的命运

36
00:02:17,768 --&gt; 00:02:18,602
咱们到了

37
00:02:18,685 --&gt; 00:02:22,606
这儿曾是罗库的家

38
00:02:22,731 --&gt; 00:02:25,942
可这儿什么也没有啊

39
00:02:26,026 --&gt; 00:02:29,237
不，有的

40
00:02:29,321 --&gt; 00:02:30,739
整座村庄都在这儿

41
00:02:30,822 --&gt; 00:02:32,741
数以百计的房屋

42
00:02:32,866 --&gt; 00:02:34,701
都埋没于火山灰下

43
00:02:39,039 --&gt; 00:02:42,751
祖寇，现在去找宫廷画师画像还来得及

44
00:02:42,792 --&gt; 00:02:44,419
记得让他画侧脸

45
00:02:45,879 --&gt; 00:02:46,713
等等

46
00:02:46,838 --&gt; 00:02:48,548
我有件事要问你

47
00:02:48,632 --&gt; 00:02:51,634
你还记得曾祖父的故事吗？

48
00:02:51,760 --&gt; 00:02:52,719
我说祖寇

49
00:02:52,802 --&gt; 00:02:55,055
真不知道你那小脑瓜都在想什么呢

50
00:02:55,138 --&gt; 00:02:57,724
是烈火王苏进发动了这场战争

51
00:02:57,849 --&gt; 00:03:00,727
他在战前花了数年时间秘密筹划

52
00:03:00,810 --&gt; 00:03:03,271
他不仅聪慧，更十分的耐心

53
00:03:03,396 --&gt; 00:03:07,233
他伺机等待彗星的到来，之后那颗彗星便以他来命名

54
00:03:07,317 --&gt; 00:03:11,070
它利用彗星的能量发动了全面的侵略战争

55
00:03:11,154 --&gt; 00:03:14,115
他十分长寿，是一位万众敬仰的伟人

56
00:03:14,115 --&gt; 00:03:15,700
那他是怎么去世的？

57
00:03:15,742 --&gt; 00:03:18,369
祖寇，在学校你有认真听讲没有？

58
00:03:18,453 --&gt; 00:03:20,913
他是在睡梦中安然辞世的

59
00:03:20,997 --&gt; 00:03:21,831
他年纪太老了

60
00:03:51,235 --&gt; 00:03:53,613
这是什么意思啊？

61
00:04:00,578 --&gt; 00:04:05,666
“烈火国诸闲秘史，藏于龙骨墓窟中”

62
00:05:02,181 --&gt; 00:05:05,225
烈火王苏进遗诏

63
00:05:05,309 --&gt; 00:05:07,728
随我来，安昂

64
00:05:07,811 --&gt; 00:05:09,521
咱们这是要去哪儿？

65
00:05:09,605 --&gt; 00:05:12,024
去我的过去瞧瞧

66
00:05:12,149 --&gt; 00:05:15,777
我们共有的过去

67
00:05:15,902 --&gt; 00:05:20,532
当我的生命之火即将燃尽时
我不免回想起

68
00:05:20,615 --&gt; 00:05:24,494
以前那段光亮美好的日子

69
00:05:24,619 --&gt; 00:05:26,997
我记起了我的朋友

70
00:05:41,636 --&gt; 00:05:43,430
罗库，看来这次我又赢了

71
00:05:43,513 --&gt; 00:05:44,681
别开玩笑了

72
00:05:44,764 --&gt; 00:05:48,518
要不是树根帮你，你能赢？

73
00:05:48,643 --&gt; 00:05:50,562
打得好，苏进

74
00:05:50,645 --&gt; 00:05:53,481
你曾经与烈火王苏进是朋友？

75
00:05:53,606 --&gt; 00:05:58,570
那时，他还是苏进王子，他是我最好的朋友

76
00:06:03,074 --&gt; 00:06:04,242
快去找她聊聊啊

77
00:06:12,083 --&gt; 00:06:14,752
年轻时爱总是难以开口

78
00:06:14,919 --&gt; 00:06:16,421
这个我比你还清楚

79
00:06:16,546 --&gt; 00:06:17,297
别担心

80
00:06:17,422 --&gt; 00:06:19,299
会好起来的

81
00:06:19,382 --&gt; 00:06:21,134
跟我来

82
00:06:21,217 --&gt; 00:06:24,429
咱们要去参加一个派对

83
00:06:24,554 --&gt; 00:06:26,180
等等，是谁的派对啊?

84
00:06:26,264 --&gt; 00:06:31,644
苏进和我分享很多事情，就连生日也是在同一天

85
00:06:42,739 --&gt; 00:06:44,824
我父皇出什么事了吗？

86
00:06:44,907 --&gt; 00:06:46,367
没有，苏进殿下

87
00:06:46,492 --&gt; 00:06:48,035
我们不是来找您的

88
00:06:48,119 --&gt; 00:06:51,622
我们是来宣布下一任神通的人选的

89
00:06:53,583 --&gt; 00:06:58,546
我们很荣幸为您效劳，罗库神通

90
00:07:09,765 --&gt; 00:07:12,143
时间如梭，很快就到了我的朋友罗库...

91
00:07:12,184 --&gt; 00:07:17,148
离开烈火国的时候了，他要面对已为神通的命运

92
00:07:17,231 --&gt; 00:07:22,945
他需要周游世界，这样才能掌握其他几种元素

93
00:07:23,070 --&gt; 00:07:27,491
嘿，为什么你不打包啊，万能的神通？

94
00:07:27,575 --&gt; 00:07:32,580
来啊，让我看看你是怎么同时使用四种御术的

95
00:07:35,791 --&gt; 00:07:38,544
我本来要打包来着，可是烈火侍者告诉我

96
00:07:38,544 --&gt; 00:07:41,088
我不需要任何其他俗世俗物的牵绊

97
00:07:43,299 --&gt; 00:07:45,301
这一切来的太快

98
00:07:45,426 --&gt; 00:07:47,386
今后一切都会不一样了

99
00:07:47,469 --&gt; 00:07:52,016
拿着

100
00:07:52,099 --&gt; 00:07:53,851
希望他们还能让你带上这个

101
00:07:54,268 --&gt; 00:07:56,103
这可是皇家的饰物

102
00:07:56,103 --&gt; 00:07:58,605
这可是只有皇储才能佩戴的

103
00:07:58,605 --&gt; 00:08:00,941
我希望你能收下

104
00:08:23,630 --&gt; 00:08:25,966
在灵界也有卫生间吗？

105
00:08:26,049 --&gt; 00:08:28,385
据我实地调查，没有

106
00:08:30,846 --&gt; 00:08:33,932
嘿，咱们就快到南气和寺了

107
00:08:34,015 --&gt; 00:08:37,561
这是我神通之旅的第一站

108
00:08:37,686 --&gt; 00:08:41,982
我就是在那里修炼御气术的

109
00:08:42,107 --&gt; 00:08:46,528
我在这儿还遇见了你的老朋友，雅俗和尚

110
00:08:47,779 --&gt; 00:08:48,613
不会吧

111
00:08:53,535 --&gt; 00:08:56,162
嘿，雅俗，想看一下我的新滑翼招式吗？

112
00:09:00,208 --&gt; 00:09:02,252
瞧我的

113
00:09:03,545 --&gt; 00:09:04,754
他居然会“冲气浪”

114
00:09:04,838 --&gt; 00:09:06,840
我怎么就没想出来呢

115
00:09:19,727 --&gt; 00:09:21,187
真是太不可思议了

116
00:09:21,229 --&gt; 00:09:24,315
真不敢相信，咱俩和雅俗大师都是好朋友

117
00:09:24,607 --&gt; 00:09:31,155
有些友谊可以历久明新，甚至可以跨越轮回的限制

118
00:09:33,783 --&gt; 00:09:40,039
经过几年的御气术修行之后
我又到北极水族继续拜师学艺

119
00:09:40,623 --&gt; 00:09:43,626
御水术对我来说是很大的挑战

120
00:09:47,547 --&gt; 00:09:51,050
不过我终于还是掌握了

121
00:10:05,147 --&gt; 00:10:06,732
之后我又来到了土强国

122
00:10:11,237 --&gt; 00:10:17,243
我的御土术师傅 萨得  强硬倔强，而又十分直率

123
00:10:19,161 --&gt; 00:10:23,124
他是我一生的挚友

124
00:10:36,178 --&gt; 00:10:41,559
这番修行虽然艰苦，但结果证明那是十分值得的

125
00:10:50,317 --&gt; 00:10:54,321
十二年后，我的朋友回来了

126
00:10:54,405 --&gt; 00:11:00,661
那时的罗库已是名副其实的神通
而我也已经改变了

127
00:11:01,620 --&gt; 00:11:05,457
是该叫你苏进呢，还是该称呼你为烈火王

128
00:11:05,457 --&gt; 00:11:11,672
通常情况下，觐见者必须对我三扣九拜
不过你就不用了

129
00:11:14,800 --&gt; 00:11:18,845
时隔多年之后，他仍旧是我最好的朋友

130
00:11:19,846 --&gt; 00:11:23,600
几个月后，他成了我的伴郎

131
00:11:26,603 --&gt; 00:11:30,482
罗库，新娘就是你当年暗恋的女孩吗？

132
00:11:30,565 --&gt; 00:11:31,441
她名叫塔敏

133
00:11:31,566 --&gt; 00:11:33,985
我一直不懈追求

134
00:11:34,111 --&gt; 00:11:37,948
我们的爱情终于修成了正果

135
00:11:38,073 --&gt; 00:11:43,203
身为降世神通并不会错失
与心上人携手终生的机会的

136
00:11:43,328 --&gt; 00:11:47,123
婚礼当天，我们满心欢喜，憧憬着美好的未来

137
00:11:47,666 --&gt; 00:11:51,086
对于今后我有更好的打算

138
00:11:52,420 --&gt; 00:11:54,256
抱歉

139
00:11:54,339 --&gt; 00:11:56,508
我能和新郎单独唠两句吗？

140
00:11:56,591 --&gt; 00:11:58,426
这不符合传统，不过好吧

141
00:12:02,055 --&gt; 00:12:03,348
你在想什么？

142
00:12:03,473 --&gt; 00:12:06,434
最近我一直在考虑目前世界的形式

143
00:12:06,434 --&gt; 00:12:07,727
苏进，今天可是我大婚之日

144
00:12:07,727 --&gt; 00:12:08,728
其吃点甜点

145
00:12:08,853 --&gt; 00:12:10,063
找个人跳跳舞

146
00:12:10,188 --&gt; 00:12:11,022
高兴点

147
00:12:11,064 --&gt; 00:12:13,650
我知道，不过你得听我说完

148
00:12:15,110 --&gt; 00:12:19,906
从一开始我就注定要成为烈火王

149
00:12:20,031 --&gt; 00:12:24,244
虽然我们起初不知道，不过你注定要成为降世神通

150
00:12:24,369 --&gt; 00:12:27,747
是天意让我们互相了解，成为挚友的，不是吗？

151
00:12:27,747 --&gt; 00:12:31,167
兄弟齐心，其力断金

152
00:12:31,292 --&gt; 00:12:33,294
是啊，没错

153
00:12:33,378 --&gt; 00:12:38,132
咱们的国家现在四海生平，繁荣昌盛

154
00:12:38,258 --&gt; 00:12:42,387
我们的人民安居乐业，致富有方

155
00:12:43,221 --&gt; 00:12:45,139
你说这些干什么？

156
00:12:45,139 --&gt; 00:12:47,016
我一直在想

157
00:12:47,141 --&gt; 00:12:50,603
我们应该与天下共享繁荣

158
00:12:50,728 --&gt; 00:12:54,107
我们可以携手缔造有史以来最成功的王朝

159
00:12:54,190 --&gt; 00:12:56,067
该是我们开辟疆土的时候了

160
00:12:56,192 --&gt; 00:12:57,151
不

161
00:12:57,151 --&gt; 00:13:00,196
四国和谐统一，必须保持原状

162
00:13:00,279 --&gt; 00:13:03,741
罗库，你甚至都没有仔细考虑过

163
00:13:03,825 --&gt; 00:13:05,785
不用考虑了，那是不可能的

164
00:13:05,910 --&gt; 00:13:08,329
我今后再也不想听到这些了

165
00:13:09,747 --&gt; 00:13:13,709
那次是我成为神通以后，经历的第一次真正的挑战

166
00:13:13,793 --&gt; 00:13:17,588
不幸的是，多年之后我才了解到

167
00:13:17,672 --&gt; 00:13:21,258
苏进居然无视我的警告，继续实行他的计划

168
00:13:35,606 --&gt; 00:13:37,983
苏进，你居然圈定了殖民地

169
00:13:38,067 --&gt; 00:13:41,237
你居然敢侵占土强国的领土

170
00:13:41,362 --&gt; 00:13:47,076
你一个做臣子的，居然敢如此顶撞你的皇帝

171
00:13:48,035 --&gt; 00:13:51,705
效忠烈火国是你的义务和责任

172
00:13:51,789 --&gt; 00:13:53,999
你不是想做个乱臣贼子吧

173
00:13:54,124 --&gt; 00:13:55,167
苏进，别那么做

174
00:13:55,209 --&gt; 00:13:57,002
不要挑战我的忍耐力

175
00:13:57,544 --&gt; 00:14:00,673
否则休怪我翻脸无情

176
00:14:00,756 --&gt; 00:14:02,007
你好自为之吧

177
00:14:34,623 --&gt; 00:14:37,125
苏进，看在咱们兄弟以前的情分上

178
00:14:37,209 --&gt; 00:14:41,088
这次我就放你一马

179
00:14:41,213 --&gt; 00:14:47,427
不过我要警告你，你若胆敢再觊觎他国的领土
我定会让你项上的人头搬家

180
00:14:59,689 --&gt; 00:15:02,484
那场争斗之后的25年间

181
00:15:02,609 --&gt; 00:15:05,278
我们彼此不相往来

182
00:15:05,779 --&gt; 00:15:10,075
闲暇时间我都在自己的家中度过

183
00:15:29,344 --&gt; 00:15:31,638
咱们快走

184
00:16:05,254 --&gt; 00:16:07,340
虽然离罗库的小岛足有百里遥

185
00:16:07,423 --&gt; 00:16:10,468
在船上的我还是感到了震动

186
00:16:10,551 --&gt; 00:16:13,638
岛上冒着滚滚浓烟

187
00:16:13,721 --&gt; 00:16:17,225
我从未见过像那样的灾难

188
00:17:09,443 --&gt; 00:17:11,111
你太棒了，罗库

189
00:17:11,195 --&gt; 00:17:14,656
你居然战胜了火山

190
00:17:14,740 --&gt; 00:17:18,827
不幸的是，好景不长

191
00:17:18,911 --&gt; 00:17:22,498
我根本无法与自然抗衡

192
00:17:44,519 --&gt; 00:17:46,313
要抵抗熔岩本来就并非易事

193
00:17:46,396 --&gt; 00:17:49,274
火山冒出的剧毒气体弥漫密布

194
00:17:49,357 --&gt; 00:17:54,070
呼吸变得越来越困难，简直就是雪上加霜

195
00:17:58,658 --&gt; 00:18:01,495
我没事的，方

196
00:18:01,620 --&gt; 00:18:05,207
快离开这儿，我很好

197
00:18:26,561 --&gt; 00:18:28,897
老朋友，需要帮忙吗？

198
00:18:29,022 --&gt; 00:18:31,274
苏进？

199
00:18:31,357 --&gt; 00:18:35,111
没工夫叙旧了

200
00:19:09,020 --&gt; 00:19:11,856
小心别吸进有毒的气体

201
00:19:21,324 --&gt; 00:19:24,410
我吸了太多的毒气了

202
00:19:27,955 --&gt; 00:19:29,915
求求你...

203
00:19:31,959 --&gt; 00:19:35,296
没有了你的阻碍，我的计划就可以顺利实施了

204
00:19:35,421 --&gt; 00:19:38,883
罗库，我就要开始我的雄图霸业了

205
00:20:12,416 --&gt; 00:20:16,170
那是，等等，是我，对吗？

206
00:20:16,253 --&gt; 00:20:18,547
安昂，仔细领悟我们的过去吧

207
00:20:18,672 --&gt; 00:20:24,011
今后就要靠你为世界带来和平
重新恢复世界的和谐与安宁

208
00:20:24,136 --&gt; 00:20:25,554
罗库?

209
00:20:25,679 --&gt; 00:20:28,640
罗库

210
00:20:28,765 --&gt; 00:20:32,436
罗库死后，大彗星也随之出现

211
00:20:32,561 --&gt; 00:20:35,689
改造世界的最佳时机出现了

212
00:20:35,981 --&gt; 00:20:39,860
我知道下一任神通将在气和寺重生

213
00:20:39,860 --&gt; 00:20:43,238
所以我夷平了所有的气和寺

214
00:20:43,238 --&gt; 00:20:46,158
尽管如此，转世的神通还是躲过了我的追杀

215
00:20:46,241 --&gt; 00:20:51,455
我的余生都耗费在寻找神通上
然而却是徒劳无功

216
00:20:51,538 --&gt; 00:20:53,915
我知道他一定藏在某个十分隐秘的地方

217
00:20:53,999 --&gt; 00:20:57,502
他是烈火国最大的威胁

218
00:20:57,586 --&gt; 00:21:00,672
他是最后的气宗

219
00:21:03,467 --&gt; 00:21:07,554
怎么会就结束了，剩下的在哪？

220
00:21:15,437 --&gt; 00:21:17,564
这线索是你给我的吧？

221
00:21:17,689 --&gt; 00:21:19,482
我找到了那段“秘史”

222
00:21:19,608 --&gt; 00:21:23,403
不过那段所谓的“秘史”，已经是尽人皆知了

223
00:21:23,528 --&gt; 00:21:26,489
你留言说是要我找寻
曾祖父去世的来龙去脉

224
00:21:26,573 --&gt; 00:21:28,408
然而在故事的最后他仍然还活着

225
00:21:28,491 --&gt; 00:21:30,744
不，他已经死了

226
00:21:30,827 --&gt; 00:21:33,455
你这是什么意思

227
00:21:33,538 --&gt; 00:21:37,125
祖寇殿下，你的曾祖父可不只一个

228
00:21:37,250 --&gt; 00:21:39,836
苏进是你父亲的祖父

229
00:21:39,836 --&gt; 00:21:44,924
你母亲的祖父就是罗库神通

230
00:21:45,008 --&gt; 00:21:47,427
你跟我说这有啥用？

231
00:21:47,427 --&gt; 00:21:51,931
因为通过了解你两个曾祖父之间的争斗

232
00:21:51,931 --&gt; 00:21:55,935
能帮助你更好的理解你心中的矛盾

233
00:21:58,730 --&gt; 00:22:02,066
祖寇，正与邪一直都并存在你的心中

234
00:22:02,150 --&gt; 00:22:05,319
这是你的本质，你自己不能选择

235
00:22:05,445 --&gt; 00:22:09,031
但是事情还有乐观的一面

236
00:22:09,115 --&gt; 00:22:15,037
几世之前的恩怨如今能否被解决，完全取决于你

237
00:22:15,121 --&gt; 00:22:20,543
由于你所遗传的特质，你可以除去咱们家族

238
00:22:20,626 --&gt; 00:22:22,962
以及烈火国的所有罪孽

239
00:22:23,087 --&gt; 00:22:25,840
你与生俱来特质

240
00:22:25,965 --&gt; 00:22:31,262
正是让这世界恢复平衡的终极力量

241
00:22:35,725 --&gt; 00:22:38,561
这是一个皇家的饰物

242
00:22:39,645 --&gt; 00:22:43,941
只有皇储才能佩戴

243
00:22:52,324 --&gt; 00:22:55,661
你是说，在罗库和苏进共同经历那些事之后

244
00:22:55,661 --&gt; 00:22:59,373
苏进居然以怨报德，背叛了罗库

245
00:22:59,498 --&gt; 00:23:02,668
看来那些人天生就是坏蛋

246
00:23:02,751 --&gt; 00:23:04,086
不，不是那么回事

247
00:23:04,211 --&gt; 00:23:07,464
我想这不是罗库找我谈话的目的

248
00:23:07,548 --&gt; 00:23:08,841
那他到底想说什么

249
00:23:08,966 --&gt; 00:23:12,052
罗库和苏进一样，不也是火宗人吗？

250
00:23:12,094 --&gt; 00:23:16,390
这个故事告诉我们
每个人都可能变成极善或极恶之人

251
00:23:16,515 --&gt; 00:23:19,309
每个人，上至烈火王，下至黎民百姓

252
00:23:19,435 --&gt; 00:23:22,062
都应该给予他们改过自新的机会

253
00:23:22,146 --&gt; 00:23:24,356
从中我还领悟到了友谊的真谛

254
00:23:24,481 --&gt; 00:23:30,612
友谊真的可以穿越轮回的界限吗？

255
00:23:30,612 --&gt; 00:23:31,738
为什么不能呢？

256
00:23:31,822 --&gt; 00:23:34,825
那个，从科学的角度讲，并没有证据证明....

257
00:23:34,950 --&gt; 00:23:37,452
索卡，让你握手你就快握

258
00:23:40,414 --&gt; 00:23:42,583
-=未完待续=-
翻译/校译：Tucity http://blog.sina.com.cn/tucity
时间轴；花与虫 http://bugsandflowers.blogspot.com
本字幕仅为个人学习之用，请勿用作商业用途

1
00:00:02,042 --&gt; 00:00:04,211
水善国

2
00:00:04,753 --&gt; 00:00:06,213
土强国

3
00:00:06,630 --&gt; 00:00:08,381
火烈国

4
00:00:08,798 --&gt; 00:00:09,925
气和国

5
00:00:11,384 --&gt; 00:00:14,971
很久以前，这四大国和谐共处

6
00:00:15,472 --&gt; 00:00:19,642
然而，烈火国发起的战争结束了和平

7
00:00:19,684 --&gt; 00:00:23,646
只有同时掌握四种元素的降世神通才能结束战争

8
00:00:23,646 --&gt; 00:00:27,067
然而在大家最需要他的时候，他却消失了

9
00:00:27,484 --&gt; 00:00:31,029
100年后，我和哥哥发现了转世的降世神通

10
00:00:31,154 --&gt; 00:00:33,072
他是个御气师，名叫“安昂”

11
00:00:33,114 --&gt; 00:00:35,617
尽管他的御气术着实了得

12
00:00:35,617 --&gt; 00:00:38,369
在拯救苍生之前，他要学的还有很多

13
00:00:38,369 --&gt; 00:00:41,497
但是我坚信 安昂能拯救这个世界

14
00:00:41,664 --&gt; 00:00:46,669
-=降世神通=-
最后的气宗
翻译/校译：Tucity http://blog.sina.com.cn/tucity
时间轴：花与虫 http://bugsandflowers.blogspot.com
本字幕仅为个人学习之用，请勿用作商业用途

15
00:00:47,145 --&gt; 00:00:49,397
降世神通 前情提要

16
00:00:50,023 --&gt; 00:00:54,027
你身为组员却自私自利
丝毫没有为人民服务的精神

17
00:00:54,152 --&gt; 00:00:54,903
啥？

18
00:00:54,986 --&gt; 00:00:56,821
听好了，甜心小姐

19
00:00:56,905 --&gt; 00:01:00,909
我放弃了荣华富贵，就为了教安昂御土术

20
00:01:01,034 --&gt; 00:01:04,454
你没资格跟我讲什么“自私自利”

21
00:01:04,454 --&gt; 00:01:06,247
神通还活着

22
00:01:06,331 --&gt; 00:01:09,042
我要你找到他，送他上西天

23
00:01:10,877 --&gt; 00:01:12,378
俺的娘啊

24
00:01:12,462 --&gt; 00:01:15,381
那家伙光用头就可以把东西炸上天，咱们肯定打不过

25
00:01:15,507 --&gt; 00:01:16,341
咱们能行

26
00:01:17,926 --&gt; 00:01:22,597
第三卷
火
</pre>
  </div>
</div>
