# S03E12 - The Western Air Temple

**Languages:** English / 中文

<div class="script-grid">
  <div class="script-col">
    <div class="script-col-title">English</div>
    <pre class="script">
      The Western Air Temple

      Written by: Elizabeth Welch Ehasz, Tim Hedrick
      Directed by: Ethan Spaulding
      Storyboard by: Oreste Canestrelli, Miyuki Hoshikawa, Dean Kelly, Lauren
      Montgomery, Ethan Spaulding
      Animation: JM Animation Co., LTD.
      Transcribers: Avatar_Mom, Psycho Silver and Icy_Ashford
      [Introduction sequence]
      [&quot;Previously on Avatar&quot; sequence, including clips from The Day of Black
      Sun Part 2]

      Act I
      (The episode opens up to an overhead shot of Appa still in his armor and
      the rest of the group walking slowly on a rocky and barren land with the
      Sun blazing above their heads. Cut to a frontal shot of Toph with her head
      down, trudging along with Haru and Sokka walking behind her with their
      eyes closed.
      Cut to Aang walking tiredly with Momo resting on his head with a similar
      expression. Cut to a frontal shot of Teo wheeling his wheelchair with The
      Duke following behind him. Both of them are hanging their heads down
      dejectedly. Switch to a sideview shot of Katara walking beside her brother
      with the same expression as the rest of the group.)
      Katara: This is humiliating.
      Sokka: Do you mean getting thoroughly spanked by the Fire Nation, (Katara
      turns her head towards her brother) or having to walk all the way to the
      Western Air Temple?
      Katara: (She turns her head back) Both.
      Aang: Sorry guys, but Appa (he stretches his hand out and affectionately
      scratches the area under Appa&#x27;s eye) gets tired carrying all these people.

      (Cut to a frontal shot of the whole group)
      Teo: I wonder how the rest of the troops are.
      Haru: (Cut to a close up shot of Haru&#x27;s face) They&#x27;re probably on their
      way to a prison. Seems like my dad just got out, now he&#x27;s going back in.
      (Cut to an overhead shot of Sokka and The Duke)
      The Duke: I miss Pipsqueak.
      Sokka: I miss not having blisters (Cut to an overhead shot behind Appa) on
      my feet.
      (Cut to a close up of the rocky ground as Toph&#x27;s foot stomps into screen.
      Cut to a close up of Toph with a relieved expression on her face.)
      Toph: Hey, we&#x27;re here. I can feel it.
      (Camera pans out to show the group stopping near the edge of a cliff. The
      camera pans to the right to show a vast empty space filled with white mist
      in between the cliff they&#x27;re standing on and the next.)
      Katara :(off screen) Uh, I think your feet need their eyes checked.
      Aang: (off screen) No, (Cut back to Aang with Sokka in the background)
      she&#x27;s right, (Sokka looks up at Aang, stunned) we are here.
      (Sokka looks around and brings up both his arms to show that he can&#x27;t see
      anything. Cut to a frontal shot of the cliff with the group standing above
      it.)
      Toph: Wow, (Camera slowly pans down to rows of rocky protrusions) it&#x27;s
      amazing.
      (Camera pans down further to show a multi-tiered structure of an upside
      down pagoda. Camera zooms out rapidly to show more upside down pagodas of
      the Western Air Temple with a couple of statues seemingly fixed into the
      cliffs.
      Cut to a close up side view of one of the pagodas as a rope drops into
      screen. Zuko is then seen slowly sliding down the rope with his hands. Cut
      to the back of Zuko&#x27;s head as he turns around. Cut to a large statue of a
      female airbender as Zuko stares at it. The camera follows him as he
      continues to make his descent. Cut to a wide side view shot of 3 statues
      as Zuko stops and swings himself on the rope, gaining momentum with each
      arc. He jumps off at the 4th swing. Cut to an area on the ground as Zuko
      lands into screen, balancing himself with a hand on the floor. He
      straightens up and looks around.
      The screen flashes white to a flashback. Cut to a frontal shot of the
      cliff similar to the one Toph and the group were on earlier. Camera pans
      down to show the various natural structures through the mist of the temple
      .)
      Iroh: (off screen) What a stunning view.
      (Cut to a frontal shot of Zuko with Iroh behind him. Both are in their
      Season 1 outfits. Zuko has a large, white bandage over the scarred side of
      his face with a cloth strap secured in place.)
      Zuko: The only view I&#x27;m interested in seeing (Iroh&#x27;s expression changes
      into sadness) is the Avatar in chains.
      Iroh: (He takes a step towards his nephew) You know, (Cut to an overhead
      shot of the 2 standing at the edge of a platform in front of the 3 statues
      present day Zuko landed on earlier) the Avatar hasn&#x27;t been seen for a 100
      years. (The camera pans down slowly) The chances of finding him here are
      very slim. (Cut to a shot of Zuko&#x27;s bandaged side)
      Zuko: First, we&#x27;ll check each of the air temples. (takes a few steps
      forward, looking around) Then we&#x27;ll scour the world, searching even the
      most remote locations until we find him.
      Iroh: (Iroh looks on, concerned) Prince Zuko, it&#x27;s only been a week since
      your banishment. (Cut to a far back view shot of the 2) You should take
      some time to heal and rest.
      Zuko: (turns around and raises his voice) What else would I expect to hear
      from the laziest man in the Fire Nation? (Cut to a close up of Iroh&#x27;s
      slightly appalled face as he looks down and sighs) The only way (Cut back
      to a frontal shot of uncle and nephew) to regain my honor is to find the
      Avatar. So I will.
      (Iroh glances up at Zuko, turns, and walks away. Cut back to present day
      Zuko with his eyes closed. He groans and rubs his nose bridge with his
      fingers. Appa growls off screen and Zuko looks towards his left, gasping
      in surprise and runs off screen. Cut to Zuko taking cover from behind a
      pillar as Appa flies into screen. Zuko crouches down. Cut to a frontal
      shot of Zuko&#x27;s face as he looks on from behind the pillar. He proceeds to
      stand up and walk off screen. Camera pans to the left to show him running
      up a flight of stairs.
      Cut to a shot of an hour glass shaped fountain. Cut to Teo and The Duke
      looking up in wonder.)
      Teo: It&#x27;s so different from the Northern Air Temple. (Camera pans to a
      flight of stairs linking to a bridge) I wonder if there are any secret
      rooms.
      Haru: (Haru runs into screen and waves a hand, beckoning the others to
      join him) Let&#x27;s go check it out.
      (Cut to The Duke and Teo as they enthusiastically make their way off
      screen. Aang runs after them but is stopped by Katara who blocks him with
      his staff.)
      Katara: You guys go... (Aang catches his glider and Katara lays a hand on
      his shoulder) I think we need to talk about some things.
      (Cut to the top of the bridge as Haru and The Duke help Teo onto it. As
      Haru sets Teo&#x27;s wheelchair down, Teo wheels off rapidly.)
      Haru: I&#x27;ll race you, Duke.
      The Duke: (annoyed) I told you, it&#x27;s &quot;The Duke.&quot;
      (Haru and The Duke proceed to run after Teo. Cut to a close up of a
      disappointed Aang.)
      Aang: Why can&#x27;t I go?
      Katara: (Cut to a serious Katara) We need to decide what we&#x27;re gonna do
      now. And since you&#x27;re the Avatar, maybe you should be a part of this.
      (Cut to a flat, slightly broken down stone bench as Aang leans his staff
      against it and sits down and crosses his arms grouchily.)
      Aang: Fair enough. So, what&#x27;s the new plan?
      (Cut to a wide shot of the Gaang with each of them sitting on stone
      benches except for Toph who is sitting on a rather tall stone column)
      Sokka: Well, if you ask me, the new plan is the old plan. You just need to
      master all four elements, and confront the Fire Lord before the comet
      comes.
      Aang: (sarcastically) Oh, yeah, that&#x27;s great. (He picks up a pebble and
      tosses it into the air nonchalantly) No problem, (He continues fidgeting)
      I&#x27;ll just do that. (He lays the pebble on the bench and flicks it away.)
      Katara: Aang, no one said it&#x27;s gonna be easy.
      Aang: (continuing his little tantrum) Well, it&#x27;s not even gonna be
      possible. Where am I supposed to get a firebending teacher?
      Katara: (deep in thought) We could look for Jeong Jeong.
      Aang: Yeah right, (He lies down on the bench without a care) like we&#x27;ll
      ever run into Jeong Jeong again.
      Toph: (Cut to a sideview of a confused Toph) Who&#x27;s - Oh, (She folds her
      arms irritably) never mind. If it&#x27;s important, I&#x27;ll find out.
      (Cut to another wide shot of the Gaang from a different angle as Aang
      stands up with his glider in hand)
      Aang: Oh well, guess we can&#x27;t come up with anybody. Why don&#x27;t we (He jumps
      over Sokka&#x27;s bench) just take a nice tour (He proceeds to run off screen
      as Momo follows him) around the temple?
      (Cut to a shot of the mist as Aang&#x27;s boot runs into screen and he unfolds
      his glider and leaps off the cliff. Momo flies into screen and joins his
      master in the mist as both of them fly upwards and off screen.)
      Toph: (off screen) What&#x27;s up with him? (Cut to the remaining 3)
      Sokka: There&#x27;s got (brings up his hands to his chin and thinks) to be
      someone who can teach him firebending.
      (Katara and Toph look down dejectedly as the camera slowly pans up and
      fades to a smiling Zuko in a forested area.)
      Zuko: Hello, (raises an arm in greeting) Zuko here. But I guess (rubs his
      hand against the back of his head nervously) you probably already know
      me... sort of. Uh...so, the thing is, (He puts his arm down and looks to
      the side hesitantly) I have a lot of firebending experience, and I&#x27;m
      (places an arm on chest with pride) considered to be pretty good at it.
      (He continues smiling) Well, you&#x27;ve seen me... you know, when I was
      attacking you? (His eyes widen at his verbal mistake) Uh, yeah...I guess
      (places his fingers against his forehead in embarrassment) I should
      apologize for that. But anyway, (waves an arm to the side dismissively)
      I&#x27;m good now. (clenches both fists and places one on his chest while the
      other arm is raised) I mean, I thought I was good before, but now I
      realize I was bad. (He gets visibly uncomfortable and drops his arms into
      a slouch) Ugh, but anyway... I think it&#x27;s time I joined your group, and
      taught (straightens up with a sincere expression on his face) the Avatar
      firebending.
      (The camera slowly zooms in on him. Cut to a sideview of Zuko to reveal
      him talking to a badger frog sitting on a large log. The tarp from Zuko&#x27;s
      war balloon can be seen in the background and it has been used as a form
      of shelter. Cut to a frontal shot of the badger frog as it croaks.)
      Zuko: (Cut to a close up of a frustrated Zuko) Well, what&#x27;s your answer?!
      (Cut to a sideview of Zuko as the frog ribbits and hops on Zuko&#x27;s head
      before jumping off screen. Zuko slouches dejectedly.)
      Zuko: Yeah, that&#x27;s what I&#x27;d say too. (Cut to a far shot of Zuko&#x27;s campsite
      as he raises his arm to his head in despair) How am I supposed to convince
      these people I&#x27;m on their side? What would Uncle do? (He proceeds to
      imitate Iroh&#x27;s voice and pretends to hold an imaginary beard on his chin
      as he starts pacing.)
      &quot;Zuko, you have to look within yourself, to save yourself (He releases his
      finger and points) from your other self. (turns and paces in the opposite
      direction as he raises his finger as he pretends to be lecturing) Only
      then will your true self reveal itself.&quot; (Zuko sighs and presses a hand to
      his forehead) Even when I&#x27;m talking for him, I can&#x27;t figure out what he
      means. What would Azula do? (Zuko raises the pitch of his voice and
      Azula&#x27;s theme starts to play in the background.)
      &quot;Listen, Avatar, I can join your group (maneuvers his body into a position
      he thinks is feminine) or I can do something unspeakably horrible (folds
      his arms arrogantly) to you and your friends. Your choice.&quot; (stops and
      sits down) I guess I&#x27;m not that good at impersonations.
      (The badger frog leaps in front of Zuko and croaks. Cut back to a wide
      shot of the upside down pagodas as Appa flies underneath them. Cut to a
      close up of the spires and Appa and Aang fly around them. Cut to Appa&#x27;s
      saddle to show Katara and Toph inside it while Sokka steers towards a
      gliding Aang.)
      Katara: Aang, can we talk about you learning firebending now?
      Aang: (Cut to a close up of Aang as he feigns deaf) What? The wind is too
      loud in my ears. Check out this loop.
      (Cut to an overhead shot of the mist as Aang maneuvers his glider into a
      loop and Momo mimics his actions in perfect sync.)
      Sokka: (straining his voice against the rushing wind) Aang, (Appa
      continues to fly behind Aang) I think we should be making some plans about
      our future. (Cut back to a shot of the hour glass fountain as Aang and
      Appa land on the platform.)
      Aang: Ok, we can do that while I show you the giant Pai Sho table. (Cut to
      a frontal shot of an excited Aang as the remainder of the Gaang descend
      from Appa behind him) Oh, you&#x27;re gonna love the all-day echo chamber.
      Toph: (Cut to a close up of Toph as she turns serious) I think that&#x27;ll
      have to wait.
      (Camera zooms out to show the Gaang looking at her quizzically. Toph
      points behind as Appa moves aside to reveal a shadow. The camera pans up
      to show the shadow belonging to Zuko. Cut to a close up of the Gaang as
      their expression changes from surprise to anger.)
      Zuko: (Cut to a close up of Zuko&#x27;s face) Hello, (raises his arm up in
      greeting) Zuko here.
      (A sound effect of awkwardness chimes in the background. Cut to commercial
      break.)
      Act II
      (Scene returns to a sideview shot of Zuko&#x27;s confrontation with the Gaang
      back at the Western Air Temple. Cut to Aang as he raises his staff in an
      attacking position and the camera pans across the group to show the rest
      of them doing the same as well. Cut to a frontal shot of Zuko.)
      Zuko: Hey, I heard you guys flying around down there, so I just thought
      (raises his shoulders) I&#x27;d wait for you here.
      (Appa enters the screen and growls at Zuko as he takes a cautious step
      backwards and covers his face with his arms. Appa then proceeds to lick
      his back. Cut to a surprised Momo and Aang as he lowers his staff
      slightly. Cut back to Zuko as Appa licks his face affectionately. Zuko
      wipes off the slobber with his arm.)
      Zuko: I know you must be surprised to see me here. (Cut to a sideview shot
      of the Gaang as they wear hostile expressions on their faces)
      Sokka: Not really, since you&#x27;ve followed us all over the world.
      Zuko: (Cut to a visibly uncomfortable Zuko) Right... Well, uh... anyway,
      what I wanted to tell you about is that I&#x27;ve changed, and I uh, (Cut to a
      slight overhead shot behind Zuko as the camera slowly pans upwards to show
      the Gaang) I&#x27;m good now. And, well, I think I should join your group. (Cut
      to a close up of Zuko&#x27;s apprehensive face) Oh, and I can teach
      firebending... to you. (Cut to a confused Aang as he lowers his staff
      further. Cut to Katara in disbelief. Cut back to Zuko.) See, I uh...
      Toph: (Cut to Toph as she interrupts Zuko. Sokka remains dumbfounded in
      the background) You want to what now?! (Camera pans down towards Katara
      and Sokka raises his fist in preparation for a fight)
      Katara: You can&#x27;t possibly think that any of us would trust you, can you?
      I mean, how stupid do you think we are?
      Sokka: Yeah, all you&#x27;ve ever done is try to hunt us down (Cut to a
      sideview shot of Zuko) and capture Aang.
      Zuko: (defensive) I&#x27;ve done some good things. (walks forward) I mean, I
      could&#x27;ve stolen your bison in Ba Sing Se, but I set him free. (He thrusts
      both arms out towards Appa to prove his point) That&#x27;s something.
      (Appa licks Zuko&#x27;s back to his surprise. Cut back to Toph, Katara and
      Sokka.)
      Toph: Appa (The siblings turn towards her) does seem to like him. (Brother
      and sister turn back angrily towards Zuko)
      Sokka: He probably just covered himself in honey or something so that Appa
      would lick him. I&#x27;m not (swipes his arm aside in a &quot;No&quot; gesture) buying
      it.
      Zuko: (Cut to a remorseful Zuko with Appa licking its lips in the
      background) I can understand why you wouldn&#x27;t trust me, and I know I&#x27;ve
      made some mistakes (looks to the side in shame) in the past.
      Sokka: (off screen) Like when you attacked our village?
      Katara: (off screen) Or when you stole my mother&#x27;s necklace (Cut to a
      sideview of the siblings) and used it to track us down (she takes a step
      forward with her fists clenched) and capture us?
      Zuko: (Cut to a close up of his face) Look, I admit I&#x27;ve done some awful
      things. I was wrong (lowers his head down and presses a palm against his
      temple) to try to capture you, and I&#x27;m sorry that I attacked the Water
      Tribe. (Camera pans across the Gaang who are still not pleased with his
      presence) And I never should&#x27;ve sent that Fire Nation assassin after you.
      (Sokka and Toph widen their eyes in shock) I&#x27;m gonna try to stop him.
      Sokka: (interrupts) Wait, you sent (unsheathes his boomerang and holds it
      towards Zuko) Combustion Man after us?
      Zuko: (Cut back to a slightly panicking Zuko) Well, that&#x27;s not his name,
      but...
      Sokka: (off screen) Oh, sorry. (Cut back to a frontal shot of Toph and
      Sokka as he remains in a defensive position) I didn&#x27;t mean to insult your
      friend.
      Zuko: (raising his voice) He&#x27;s not my friend!
      Toph (Cut to a visibly angry Toph) That guy (points an accusing finger at
      Zuko) locked me and Katara in jail and tried to blow us (swipes her hand
      down audibly) all up.
      Zuko: (Cut back to Zuko who closes his eyes and opens them as he angles
      his head diagonally) Why aren&#x27;t you saying anything? (Cut to Aang&#x27;s back
      with Zuko still in view) You once said you thought we could be (Zuko
      shrugs) friends. (Aang looks down to the side, pondering) You know I (Cut
      to a frontal shot of Aang as he remains deep in thought) have good in me.
      (Aang looks towards the rest of the Gaang. Cut to a sideview of the 3 of
      them as Sokka shakes his head at Aang. Cut back to Aang as he looks back
      at Zuko.)
      Aang: There&#x27;s no way we can trust you after everything you&#x27;ve done. (Cut
      back to Zuko who listens intently) We&#x27;ll never let you join us. (Zuko&#x27;s
      expression changes to surprise)
      Katara: (off screen) You need to get out of here, now.
      Zuko: (closes his eyes for a moment before opening them and staring back
      at the group with determination. Cut to back the slight overhead shot
      behind Zuko again.) I&#x27;m trying to explain (raises both arms in frustration
      and takes a few steps towards them) that I&#x27;m not that person anymore. (He
      continues to walk to the group but Sokka takes a step forward and thrusts
      his boomerang out as a warning. Zuko takes a step back.)
      Sokka: Either you leave, or we attack.
      Zuko: (aghast) If you won&#x27;t accept me as a friend, (Cut to a shot of the
      ground in front of Zuko as he kneels down with his head bowed) then maybe
      you&#x27;ll take me (raises both arms out as if he was holding an offering but
      his fists are clenched) as a prisoner.
      Katara: (Cut to an angry Katara) No, we won&#x27;t!
      (She proceeds to draw water from her water skin and waterbends it towards
      the screen. Cut back to Zuko as he gets pushed off screen by the small
      wave of water. Cut to Zuko lying facedown on the ground in a puddle of
      water sopping wet.)
      Katara: (off screen) Get out of here (Zuko rolls himself onto his back and
      the camera pans up towards the Gaang) and don&#x27;t come back. And if we ever
      see you again...Well, (Sokka takes a step towards Zuko) we&#x27;d better not
      see you again!
      (Cut back to a shocked Zuko with water dripping from his hair as he closes
      his eyes in defeat. Cut to a sideview of the confrontation as Zuko stands
      up and walks towards the camera, away from the Gaang. The Sun is starting
      to set as the inside of the temple glows slightly orange. Cut to an angry
      Aang and Katara as they watch him leave. The camera slowly zooms in on
      Aang as he drops his head in thought.
      Cut to the edge of the cliff as the camera pans up to the vast forest. Cut
      back to Zuko&#x27;s tarp as Zuko walks into screen with his hands up on his
      head .)
      Zuko: Argh, I can&#x27;t believe howstupid (thrusts both arms outwards as he
      exits the screen) I am. I mean, (walks back into screen) what was I
      thinking? (lays a head on his forehead as his expression turns into sheer
      despair and utter horror) Telling them I sent an assassin after them? Why
      didn&#x27;t I just say Azula (thrusts his arm out behind him) did that? They
      (He brings his head towards the camera) would&#x27;ve believed that. Stupid!
      (He brings his hand to his forehead again. Cut to a sideview of the scene
      to show the badger frog sitting on the log, staring at him. It croaks and
      Zuko slouches forward. He then kneels on the ground and sighs in
      frustration. Cut back to an overhead shot of the hour glass shaped
      fountain. Cut to an overhead shot of the Gaang standing near the doors of
      a chamber.)
      Katara: Why would he try to fool us like that? (Katara starts walking into
      the chamber)
      Sokka: Obviously, he wants to lead us into some kind of trap.
      Katara: This is just like when we were in prison together in Ba Sing Se.
      (Cut to a sideview of the 3 to show the siblings each holding a sleeping
      bag while Aang holds a jar) He starts talking about his mother, (Aang
      proceeds to walk off screen) and making it seem like he&#x27;s an actual human
      being with feelings.
      Sokka: He wants you (Katara turns towards him) to trust him and feel sorry
      for him, so you let your guard down, then he strikes. (punches his fist
      out)
      Katara: (Cut to a back view of Sokka with his sister still in sight) The
      thing is, it worked. (kneels and sets the sleeping bag down) I did feel
      sorry for him. I felt like he was really confused and hurt. (looks around)
      But obviously when the time came, (stands up) he made his choice, and we
      paid the price. (Cut to a close up of Katara as she turns angry) We can&#x27;t
      trust him.
      Aang: (off screen) I kind of (Katara turns her head towards him) have a
      confession to make. (Cut to Aang&#x27;s back) Remember when you two were sick
      and I got captured by (turns his body slightly so his side is facing the
      camera) Zhao?
      Sokka: (Cut to an outraged Sokka) And you made us suck on frozen frogs?
      How could I forget? (throws down his sleeping bag) I had a wart on the
      flap that hangs down from the back of my throat for a month!
      (He takes a step towards the camera as he opens his mouth and points a
      finger towards it. Cut to the inside of his mouth looking out towards
      Aang. His uvula appears normal.)
      Katara: (off screen) Sokka, (Sokka turns towards his visibly annoyed
      sister as his uvula flaps around slightly) I looked at it and told you
      there was nothing there.
      Sokka: (Cut back to a frontal shot of Sokka as he argues) I could feel it!
      It&#x27;s my throatal flap. (Cut to outside the chamber looking in at the
      Gaang)
      Aang: Anyway, when Zhao had me chained up, it was Zuko (the siblings turn
      towards him) who came in and got me out. (Cut to a close up of Aang&#x27;s
      face) He risked his life to save me. (Cut to a sideview of the 3 as Katara
      steps forward)
      Katara: No way, (brings her arms up and thrusts them to the side) I&#x27;m sure
      (punches her fists down) he only did it (crosses her arms) so he could
      capture you himself.
      Sokka: Yeah, (steps towards Aang) face it Aang. You&#x27;re nothing but a big
      prize to him.
      Aang: You&#x27;re probably right.
      Katara: And what was (punches her fists down again) all that crazy stuff
      about setting Appa free? (crosses her arms once more) What a liar.
      Toph :(off screen)Actually, (The 3 of them turn towards her. Cut to Toph
      leaning nonchalantly against the door) he wasn&#x27;t lying.
      Sokka: (Cut back to the siblings) Oh, hooray. (throws his arms up
      sarcastically) In a lifetime of evil, at least (brings his hands to his
      cheek and puts on a mocking friendly face) he didn&#x27;t add animal cruelty to
      the list. (He brings his hands down and looks back at Toph angrily)
      Toph: (off screen) I&#x27;m just saying that (Cut back to Toph with an
      empathetic expression on her face) considering his messed-up family, and
      how he was raised, he could&#x27;ve turned out a lot worse. (Cut back to Aang
      and Katara)
      Katara: You&#x27;re right, (thrusts her arms down as Aang looks towards her)
      Toph, let&#x27;s go find him (raises her arms up) and give him a medal. (She
      says this with sarcasm) The &quot;not as much of a jerk as you could have been&quot;
      award.
      Toph: (Cut to a sideview of Toph with her arms crossed) All I know is that
      while he was talking to us, he was sincere. Maybe (brings an arm up with
      her palm facing upwards) you&#x27;re all just letting your hurt feelings keep
      you from thinking clearly. (Cut to a frontal shot of the 3)
      Katara: (standing her ground) Easy for you to say, you weren&#x27;t there
      (takes a step forward and points to the side) when he had us attacked by
      pirates.
      Sokka: (clenches his fist) Or when he burned down Kyoshi Island.
      Aang: Or when he tried to capture me (Cut back to Toph) at the fire
      temple. (Cut back to a frontal shot of the 3 again)
      Katara: Why would you (brings her hands up and throws them down rapidly in
      hot anger) even try to defend him?
      Toph: (Cut back to the blind bandit) Because Katara, (walks off screen)
      you&#x27;re all ignoring (Cut to full view of the Gaang as Toph confronts them)
      one crucial fact. Aang needs (Cut to a sideview of Aang as Toph enters the
      screen and jabs a finger on his chest repeatedly to prove her point) a
      firebending teacher. We can&#x27;t think (her expression changes to frustration
      as she walks away from him) of a single person in the world to do the job.
      (Cut back to a full view of the group as Toph walks around defensively)
      Now one shows up on a silver platter, (stomps her feet on the ground as
      the camera shakes slightly) and you (points to an accusing finger to
      Katara) won&#x27;t even think (she stomps her other foot on the ground) about
      it?
      (Cut to a close up of a slightly remorseful Katara as she thinks about her
      words and looks towards Aang. Cut to a view of Aang and Toph baring her
      teeth in anger.)
      Aang: I&#x27;m not having Zuko as my teacher. (He walks off screen and Toph&#x27;s
      expression changes to surprise. Cut to a full view of the Gaang as Aang
      walks to an area behind Katara with his back towards them.)
      Sokka: You&#x27;re darn right (Sokka takes a step towards his sister and it
      appears like a 3 versus 1 standoff) you&#x27;re not, buddy.
      Katara: Well, (crosses her arms) I guess that&#x27;s settled.
      Toph: (Cut to a frontal shot of Toph&#x27;s face as she groans in frustration
      and turns her back) I&#x27;m beginning to wonder who&#x27;s really the blind one
      (walks out of the chamber) around here.
      (Cut to an overhead shot of the chamber as Toph continues to walk off.
      Fade to Zuko&#x27;s campsite at night. Zuko has lit a campfire in front of his
      shelter. He appears to be sleeping. Cut to a close up of the slumbering
      prince. Leaves and twigs can be heard rustling in the background and Zuko
      wakes up groggily. Cut to an overhead shot of Zuko as he pushes his upper
      body off the ground and stares beyond the campfire.)
      Zuko: Who&#x27;s there? (Cut to a frontal shot of Zuko as he sweeps his arm in
      an arc and firebends) Stay back.
      Toph: (Cut to Toph as she earthbends a rock pillar in front of her as a
      form of protection from the fire) It&#x27;s me! style=&quot;mso-spacerun: yes&quot;&gt;�(Cut
      to the ground behind Toph&#x27;s feet as the fire circles around the pillar.
      Toph takes a step back into the burning flames) Ow!
      (Cut to a sideview of Toph as she throws her head back in agony and falls
      down off screen. Cut to an appalled Zuko as he rubs his eyes and brings
      them down to take a good look at whom he has accidentally burned. Cut back
      to Toph sitting on the ground with the soles of her feet visibly red and
      raw.)
      Toph: You burned my feet!
      Zuko: (Cut to Zuko as he gets off the ground) I&#x27;m sorry, it was a mistake!
      (proceeds to run off screen)
      Toph: (Cut back to a frightened Toph as she uses her hands to push herself
      back) Get away (she throws a chunk of earth from the ground towards Zuko
      who is off screen) from me!
      (She gets on her knees and crawls while earthbending chunks of earth back
      to Zuko. Cut to Zuko as he dodges the chunks deftly. Cut to Zuko&#x27;s back
      view as he continues to dodge the rocks Toph continuously throws at him.
      Cut to a frontal shot of desperate and visibly terrified Toph as she
      continues to crawl away. Zuko catches up to her.)
      Zuko: Let me (his hands are in a pleading gesture) help you. (Toph sends a
      chunk of earth back as he dodges it) I&#x27;m sorry.
      (Toph earthbends another slab of earth as Zuko dodges it again. He lays a
      hand on her shoulder.)
      Toph: Get off me, (she turns around and pushes Zuko away) get off me!
      (Cut to an overhead shot of Toph as she thrusts her palms out. Cut to a
      shocked Zuko as a column of earth rises into screen, hits him in the chest
      and propels him away. Cut to an area behind Zuko as he lands on his back
      and proceeds to sit up.)
      Zuko: (Cut to a frontal shot of an apologetic Zuko) I didn&#x27;t know it was
      you. (He tries to move forward but holds his side and grimaces in pain.
      Cut to Zuko&#x27;s back view as Toph is seen crawling away.) Come back! (Toph
      disappears into the darkness. Cut back to Zuko as he lies down and groans
      in frustration. Cut to an overhead shot of the campsite as Zuko brings up
      his hands to his head in despair, bends his knees and rolls slightly on
      his sides.) Why am I so bad at being good?
      (He throws his limbs out into a star shape and relaxes. Fade to commercial
      break.)
      Act III
      (Scene returns to an overhead shot of the large fountain at the Western
      Air Temple, surrounded by the group, minus Toph. Cut to a shot of a large
      urn full of steaming hot rice. Katara takes some rice out with a wooden
      spoon and puts it in a bowl with a pair of chopsticks. Cut to a zoomed out
      shot of everyone.)
      Katara: (passing the bowl to The Duke) Has anyone seen Toph?
      Sokka: I haven&#x27;t seen her since she stormed off yesterday.
      Haru: Maybe she&#x27;s just exploring the air temple. There are some pretty fun
      spots to practice earthbending.
      Katara: (worried) I think we should go look for her.
      Sokka: Oh, let her have fun with her rocks. I&#x27;m in no rush to have her
      yelling at us again.
      The Duke: We can go check for her.
      Teo: (rolls in from off screen) Yeah, I want to ride that tunnel down to
      the hall of statues again. It&#x27;ll work a lot better now that I fixed my
      brakes.
      (Teo pulls his break stick and rolls off, kicking up a cloud of dust. Cut
      to a zoomed out shot as Teo, Haru, and The Duke leave Aang, Sokka, and
      Katara. Cut to a shot of Aang, Sokka, and Katara sitting around the urn. A
      loud rumble is heard and they flinch as the ground shakes. They turn their
      heads to see a large cloud of dust. Cut to a shot of a large pile of rocks
      beneath a newly formed hole in the wall. A few more rocks fall to the
      ground as Toph climbs out of the hole and slides to the floor, grunting in
      pain. Cut to a shot behind and above Toph as Aang, Sokka, and Katara come
      from around the stone pillar and run towards her.)
      Katara: Toph, what happened?
      Toph: My feet got burned.
      Katara: (examining Toph&#x27;s feet) Oh, no, what happened?
      Toph: (annoyed) I just told you, my feet got burned.
      Katara: I meant how.
      Toph: Well, I kind of went to see Zuko last night.
      Aang: (shocked) You what!?
      Katara: (shocked) Zuko?
      Sokka: (shocked) Ugh!
      Toph: I just thought he could be helpful to us. And if I talked to him,
      maybe we could work something out.
      (Katara bends water out of her water skin and around Toph&#x27;s feet to heal
      them)
      Aang: So he attacked you?
      Toph: Well, he did and he didn&#x27;t. It was sort of an accident.
      Aang: But he did firebend at you?
      Toph: Yes.
      Sokka: See, you trusted Zuko and you got burned... literally.
      Katara: (cut to a close up of Toph&#x27;s feet as Katara bends the water away
      and back into her water skin) It&#x27;s gonna take a while for your feet to get
      better. I wish I could&#x27;ve worked on them sooner.
      Toph: Yeah, me too.
      Sokka: Zuko&#x27;s clearly too dangerous to be left alone. We&#x27;re gonna have to
      go after him.
      Aang: (disappointed) I hate to go looking for a fight, but you&#x27;re right.
      After what he did to Toph, I don&#x27;t think we have a choice.
      Sokka: He&#x27;s crafty, but we&#x27;ll find a way to capture him.
      Toph: (Aang and Sokka take her arms and lift her up) Maybe just invite him
      back here. He&#x27;s already offered himself up as a prisoner once.
      Sokka: Yeah... get him to come back and say he&#x27;ll be our prisoner. Then
      we&#x27;ll jump him and really make him our prisoner. He&#x27;ll never suspect it.
      Katara: You are a master of surprise, Sokka.
      (Sokka and Aang carry Toph off screen and Katara follows them. Cut to a
      close up of the edge of the fountain water as Sokka and Aang set Toph down
      on it, letting her dip her feet in the water.
      Toph: Ahh, that&#x27;s the stuff. Now I know how the rest of you guys feel. Not
      being able to see with your feet stinks.
      (Cut to a wide overhead shot of the fountain. The camera pulls back to
      reveal Combustion Man standing on a ledge high above them. Cut to a close
      up of Combustion Man and slowly zoom in on his face as he looks down and
      narrows his eyes. Cut to his perspective as he follows Aang, who is
      carrying a towel over to Katara. Cut back to the close up of Combustion
      man as he rears his head back and inhales, preparing to fire a blast of
      energy. Quickly cut to Zuko swinging on a vine towards Combustion Man,
      bumping into him just as he fires. Cut to a shot of the beam hitting the
      ledge above the fountain and exploding. Cut to a shot from behind of Aang,
      Sokka, Toph and Katara shielding them from the falling rock. Cut to a shot
      of them from the front as Aang and Sokka pick up Toph to take her away,
      but stop when they hear Zuko.)
      Zuko: (off screen) Stop! (cut to a shot of Zuko walking towards Combustion
      Man as he stands back up) I don&#x27;t want you hunting the Avatar anymore.
      (Cut to a quick close up of Aang looking up with shock as he is helping
      Sokka carry Toph. Cut back to Zuko as he stands in front of Combustion
      man, arms spread out to block him)
      Zuko: The mission is off. I&#x27;m ordering you to stop!
      (Combustion Man shoves Zuko out of the way and fires another blast at the
      top of the fountain, destroying it. Aang, Sokka, Katara, and Toph take
      duck behind the ledge, covering their heads. Cut to a shot of Zuko running
      towards the camera. The camera zooms in of his hand as he pulls it back
      and surrounds it in flames.)
      Zuko: If you keep attacking, I won&#x27;t pay you! (Combustion Man stops Zuko
      in his tracks by grabbing him by the shirt. Zuko throws his fireball, but
      misses and it hits the ground) All right, I&#x27;ll pay you double to stop!
      (Zuko swings his arms down, making Combustion Man let go. He turns and
      executes a shot jumping sidekick just as Combustion Man fires another
      shot, knocking his aim off and knocking Zuko away. Cut to a shot of the
      edge of the fountain water as Aang looks at the incoming blast with fright
      and ducks his head. Cut to a far shot from the side as the blast of energy
      travels down past the ledge where the fountain is and explodes as it makes
      contact with an upside down pagoda below it.
      Cut to a shot behind Zuko landing on his hands and feet, and then quickly
      zoom out until Combustion Man&#x27;s feet step into the shot. Cut to a close up
      of Zuko as he turns around, a look of shock on his face. The camera
      quickly rotates around towards Combustion Man as he inhales and fires a
      blast at the camera. Cut to a shot of Zuko creating a shield of fire. The
      blast hits it and explodes. Cut to a shot of Zuko from the side as the
      blast pushes him across the floor. Cut to an overhead shot as the camera
      follows the smoke. It passes the edge of the ledge, leaving no sign of
      Zuko. Cut to a shot of Aang, Katara, and Sokka looking over the edge of
      the fountain in shock. Cut to a shot from behind Combustion Man as he
      faces a small crater in the floor and the smoke that is dissipating. Cut
      to a shot of the edge of the ledge and strafe right, revealing climbing a
      vine hanging underneath it.
      Cut to Combustion Man as he turns back. Cut to a close up of Aang as he
      stands up from behind the fountain pool and runs to the side. Cut to a
      shot of Aang doing a spinning back kick, airbending and kicking up the
      dust around him, then leaping straight up just as a blast from Combustion
      Man explodes beneath him. The camera turns up to Aang spinning in mid air,
      airbending a tornado and kicking it at Combustion Man. Combustion Man
      leaps over the tornado and fires another blast as he descends. Aang lands
      and quickly back flips away from the blast, landing next to Katara and
      Sokka.
      Cut to a shot of Combustion Man falling, then cut to a shot of his metal,
      clawed hand as it catches on a small ledge and breaks it, slowing his
      fall. He lands on a new ledge and rolls, firing a blast just as he stops.
      Cut to a shot of Katara and Aang shielding themselves as the blast hits
      the fountain water. The camera follows Katara as she runs forward and
      bends the water from the pool. Cut to a far shot from the side as Katara
      bends a huge wave up between them and Combustion Man. Cut to a shot in
      front of the camera as she descends from jumping, bringing her arms down
      and crossing them and giving a battle cry. The wave matches her arm
      movements and icicles in both directions. Cut to a shot of Combustion Man
      as the icicles speed towards him. He brings his metal arm over his face
      and lifts his metal leg to shield him from the attack. The icicles break
      against him. Combustion Man flings his arms down to shake off the ice
      shards and steps forward, an angry frown on his face. Cut to his
      perspective as he scans the area. The group is nowhere to be seen.
      Cut to a shot of Sokka, Aang, Katara, and Toph all hiding behind the large
      stone pillar, out of Combustion Man&#x27;s view. There&#x27;s a sound of another
      blast, and the camera turns to the side as the beam of energy hits a
      different pillar and explodes, destroying it. The group raises their arms
      to protect themselves from any flying debris. Cut to a shot of Toph
      sitting on the ground.)
      Toph: (urgent) He&#x27;s going to blast this whole place right off the cliff
      side.
      (Cut to a shot of Katara peeking out from behind the pillar, then pulling
      back as another blast explodes.)
      Katara: I can&#x27;t step out to waterbend at him without getting blown up. And
      I can&#x27;t get a good enough angle on him from down here.
      Sokka: (thinks for a moment, then comes up with an idea) I know how to get
      an angle on him.
      (Sokka gently pushes Katara aside and pulls out his boomerang. He presses
      his back against the pillar. Cut to a far shot of Sokka peeking out from
      behind the pillar and another blast exploding on the ground. Cut to a
      close up of Sokka looking around the pillar as smoke billows past. Cut to
      Sokka&#x27;s perspective as he watches the two blasts of energy shoot out from
      behind a stone pillar and explode on the ground. He raises his boomerang
      towards the source of the blasts and measures their trajectory. Cut to a
      shot of Sokka from the side as he figures out the right angles and raises
      his boomerang. Cut to a closer shot of Sokka.)
      Sokka: All right buddy, don&#x27;t fail me now.
      (Sokka throws the boomerang. Cut to a shot of the boomerang as it flies
      through the air and curves behind a stone pillar. Cut to a shot of
      Combustion Man from above. The camera zooms as he inhales for another
      blast. He turns at the sound of the boomerang and the camera zooms in on
      the eye tattoo on his forehead. There&#x27;s a white flash as the boomerang
      hits his head, and we cut to a shot of him being knocked down by it. Cut
      to a close up of Sokka grinning happily, then running out from behind the
      pillar, followed by the rest of the group. Cut to an over head shot of
      them as the boomerang flies back to Sokka.)
      Sokka: (jumps and catches the boomerang triumphantly) Yeah, boomerang! (he
      and Katara look up smiling, but quickly frown. Cut to a shot of Combustion
      Man standing back up and putting a hand to his forehead. Cut back to Sokka
      as he looks at his boomerang disappointedly) Aw, boomerang...
      (The group starts to run back towards the stone pillar they were hiding
      behind. Cut to a shot from behind Combustion Man as the group runs away
      down below. Cut to a shot in front of him, dizzied from the attack to his
      head. He sways and rears his head back for another blast. Cut to
      Combustion Man&#x27;s perspective as his vision blurs. Cut back to the shot of
      him as he inhales and tries to fire a blast of energy. Sparks fly from his
      forehead. Cut to a farther out shot and pan around Combustion Man as small
      explosions erupt from his head. He puts a hand over his forehead. Cut to a
      shot of the upside down pagoda he is standing on and quickly zoom out as a
      massive explosion destroys it.. Out of the smoke and debris is a glint of
      light, and Combustion Man&#x27;s metal, clawed arm flies towards the camera.
      Cut to a shot of the structure falling into the misty chasm below. Cut to
      a shot from below of the edge of the cliff as Sokka, Katara, and Aang look
      down in shock. Cut to a shot from the side as the three of them stare at
      each other, speechless. Cut to a far shot of the large metal doors behind
      the fountain. Haru and Teo peek out from behind one of the doors. Cut to a
      closer shot of them, perplexed, as The Duke also peeks out from behind the
      door. Cut back to the side view of Aang, Katara, and Sokka as they look
      upward. Cut to a shot of Zuko climbing up the vine from earlier. Cut to a
      close up of him reaching the ledge and pulling himself up.
      The scene fades to a slow sweeping shot of the misty canyon, and then cuts
      to a shot from above and behind the metal doors of Zuko walking towards
      the group facing him. Cut to a shot of Aang, Sokka, Katara, and Toph, who
      is sitting on a large rock. Aang hangs his head down.
      Aang: I can&#x27;t believe I&#x27;m saying this... but thanks Zuko.
      Sokka: Hey, and what about me? I did the boomerang thing. (gestures)
      Zuko: (walking towards them) Listen, I know I didn&#x27;t explain myself very
      well yesterday. I&#x27;ve been through a lot in the past few years, and it&#x27;s
      been hard. But I&#x27;m realizing that I had to go through all those things to
      learn the truth. I thought I had lost my honor, and that somehow my father
      could return it to me. But I know now that no one can give you your honor.
      It&#x27;s something you earn for yourself, by choosing to do what&#x27;s right. All
      I want now is to play my part in ending this war. And I know my destiny is
      to help you restore balance to the world.
      (Cut to a close up of Aang&#x27;s profile as his expression softens. Cut to a
      shot from behind Toph and Aang. Zuko looks to Toph.)
      I&#x27;m sorry for what I did to you. (he bows to Toph) It was an accident.
      Fire can be dangerous and wild. So as a firebender, I need to be more
      careful and control my bending so I don&#x27;t hurt people unintentionally.
      (Cut to a close up of Aang as his expression changes to one of surprise
      and realization. He looks down in though for a second before looking back
      up to Zuko.)
      Aang: I think you are supposed to be my firebending teacher. When I first
      tried to learn firebending, I burned Katara. And after that, I never
      wanted to firebend again. But now I know you understand how easy it is to
      hurt the people you love. (he bows to Zuko) I&#x27;d like you to teach me.
      (Cut to a close up of Zuko&#x27;s profile. He smiles warmly. Cut to a shot from
      the side of Zuko and Aang. Zuko bows to Aang.)
      Zuko: Thank you. I&#x27;m so happy you&#x27;ve accepted me into your group.
      Aang: Not so fast. I still have to ask my friends if it&#x27;s ok with them.
      Toph, you&#x27;re the one that Zuko burned. What do you think?
      Toph: (quiet for a second) Go ahead and let him join. It&#x27;ll give me plenty
      of time to get back at him for burning my feet.
      Aang: Sokka?
      Sokka: (closes his eyes and hangs his head a second, then shrugs) Hey, all
      I want is to defeat The Fire Lord. If you think this is the way to do it,
      then I&#x27;m all for it.
      (Aang nods to Sokka and turns to Katara.)
      Aang: Katara?
      (Katara looks at Zuko and frowns. Cut to the close up profile of Zuko as
      he waits anxiously for the answer, beads of sweat rolling down his cheek.
      Cut back to Katara as she closes her eyes, then looks to Aang.)
      Katara: I&#x27;ll go along with whatever you think is right.
      (Aang smiles at Katara. Cut to Zuko.)
      Zuko: (excitedly) I won&#x27;t let you down, I promise.
      (The group turns and walks away, Sokka carrying Toph. Cut to a shot of
      Zuko smiling as he watches them leave. Cut to an overhead shot of them as
      the group walks past the metal doors. The scene fades to a panning down
      shot of Zuko with his belongings following Sokka down a hallway to a door.
      Cut to a closer shot of the two of them. Sokka stops and gestures to the
      room as Zuko walks past.)
      Sokka: So here you go, home sweet home. I guess, you know, for now. (cut
      to a shot looking through the window of Zuko inside the bare room and
      Sokka looking in through the door) Unpack... lunch soon. Uh...welcome
      aboard? (Zuko turns and smiles at Sokka. Cut to a close up of Sokka
      staring back before turning away.)Yeah. (cut to a shot outside the room as
      Sokka walks up to Aang) Ok, this is really, really weird.
      (Aang and Sokka walk away. Cut to a shot of Zuko sitting on the bed and
      unpacking. He pulls out a picture. A close up of it reveals it to be a
      small portrait of Iroh. Cut to a shot of Zuko&#x27;s face. The scene fades to a
      flashback of the same shot of Zuko, bandage covering his eye.)
      Zuko: If I have to, I will spend every day of the rest of my life hunting
      the Avatar. I know it&#x27;s my destiny to capture him.
      (Iroh places his hand on Zuko&#x27;s shoulder from off screen and the camera
      zooms out to reveal him.)
      Iroh: You know, Prince Zuko, destiny is a funny thing. You never know how
      things are going to work out. But if you keep an open mind and an open
      heart, I promise you will find your own destiny someday.
      (Cut to the same shot of Zuko, then fade back to Zuko in the present,
      smiling and nodding his head. He then opens his eyes with slight alarm and
      turns his head. The camera turns towards the door to reveal Katara leaning
      against the frame. Zuko stands up and faces her, about to say something,
      but Katara speaks first.)
      Katara: (venomously) You might have everyone else here buying your
      &quot;transformation&quot;. But you and I both know you&#x27;ve struggled with doing the
      right thing in the past. (walks up to Zuko and leans forward
      threateningly) So let me tell you something right now. You make one step
      backward, one slip-up, give me one reason to think you might hurt Aang...
      and you won&#x27;t have to worry about your destiny anymore. Because I&#x27;ll make
      sure your destiny ends right then and there... permanently.
      (Katara turns and walks away. Cut to a close up of Zuko and slowly zoom
      out. Cut to a wide shot of the room from behind them and slowly zoom out
      as Katara leaves through the door and closes it behind her. Fade to
      white.)
      [End Credits]
</pre>
  </div>
  <div class="script-col">
    <div class="script-col-title">中文</div>
    <pre class="script">
第十二回
西气和寺

23
00:01:36,579 --&gt; 00:01:38,532
真是太丢脸了

24
00:01:38,532 --&gt; 00:01:40,745
你是指咱们在烈火国大败而归

25
00:01:40,745 --&gt; 00:01:43,446
还是在埋怨咱们只能步行去西气和寺？

26
00:01:44,117 --&gt; 00:01:45,122
两者兼有吧

27
00:01:45,122 --&gt; 00:01:48,641
抱歉，伙计们，不过
咱们人数太多了，会把阿柏累着的

28
00:01:51,515 --&gt; 00:01:53,528
不知道其他人现在怎么样了？

29
00:01:53,618 --&gt; 00:01:55,546
他们可能正在被押往监狱的路上

30
00:01:55,621 --&gt; 00:01:58,911
没想到老爸好不容易才从刚从牢笼逃出
如今却又要回去蹲班房

31
00:02:00,033 --&gt; 00:02:01,923
我好想矮人啊

32
00:02:01,923 --&gt; 00:02:04,696
真怀念以前脚上没长水泡的日子

33
00:02:06,644 --&gt; 00:02:09,560
嘿，咱们到了，我已经感觉到了

34
00:02:10,780 --&gt; 00:02:14,094
啊，我想你的脚应该去看看眼科了

35
00:02:14,654 --&gt; 00:02:18,899
不，她说得没错，我们到了

36
00:02:22,608 --&gt; 00:02:25,163
这儿真令人惊叹啊

37
00:03:00,560 --&gt; 00:03:03,208
真是旷世奇景啊

38
00:03:03,380 --&gt; 00:03:06,965
神通身负镣铐才是我要看的奇景

39
00:03:07,054 --&gt; 00:03:13,099
你要知道，降世神通已经消失了100多年了

40
00:03:13,099 --&gt; 00:03:17,357
咱们能找到他的机会简直是微乎其微

41
00:03:17,357 --&gt; 00:03:20,322
咱们首先要搜遍每个气和寺，之后再四处打探

42
00:03:20,322 --&gt; 00:03:23,512
就算找到天涯海角我也要把他揪出来

43
00:03:23,639 --&gt; 00:03:28,677
祖寇殿下，你刚刚才被驱逐一个礼拜

44
00:03:28,825 --&gt; 00:03:32,517
你应该好好休养几日

45
00:03:32,517 --&gt; 00:03:36,133
跟你这个“火宗懒王”我真是无话可说

46
00:03:37,969 --&gt; 00:03:42,011
找到降世神通是恢复我荣耀的唯一途径

47
00:03:42,268 --&gt; 00:03:44,450
我不会轻言放弃的

48
00:04:07,258 --&gt; 00:04:09,255
这里和北气和寺真是大不相同啊

49
00:04:09,323 --&gt; 00:04:11,666
不知这里是不是也有密室

50
00:04:12,123 --&gt; 00:04:13,362
眼见为实，不如咱们到处转转吧

51
00:04:18,692 --&gt; 00:04:22,029
你们先去吧，我们有点事情要谈

52
00:04:23,541 --&gt; 00:04:24,859
伙计，咱俩比比谁跑得快呀？

53
00:04:24,859 --&gt; 00:04:27,357
我告诉过你了，我叫“公爵”

54
00:04:27,390 --&gt; 00:04:28,835
我为什么不能一道去呢？

55
00:04:28,835 --&gt; 00:04:31,336
我们现在得为将来做点打算

56
00:04:31,336 --&gt; 00:04:34,443
既然你是降世神通，当然得要你参与了

57
00:04:36,823 --&gt; 00:04:37,940
那好吧

58
00:04:38,339 --&gt; 00:04:39,723
那么新计划是什么？

59
00:04:39,723 --&gt; 00:04:44,678
嗯，这么说吧，新计划其实就是那个老计划

60
00:04:45,010 --&gt; 00:04:49,057
你只要掌握好四种元素
并在彗星到来之前撂倒烈火王就行了

61
00:04:49,643 --&gt; 00:04:53,356
哦，是啊，主意不错，没问题，我一定照做

62
00:04:54,153 --&gt; 00:04:56,523
安昂，我们都知道那并非易事

63
00:04:56,686 --&gt; 00:04:59,023
岂止啊，简直就是不可能的任务

64
00:04:59,132 --&gt; 00:05:00,997
我上哪去找御火术师傅啊？

65
00:05:01,575 --&gt; 00:05:04,160
不如咱们去找 铮铮 吧

66
00:05:04,344 --&gt; 00:05:08,652
说得轻巧，要找到他简直比登天还难

67
00:05:08,652 --&gt; 00:05:11,312
谁是...？哦，算了

68
00:05:11,312 --&gt; 00:05:13,247
不管是谁赶紧找到他就是了

69
00:05:13,247 --&gt; 00:05:16,365
船到桥头自然直，没准会遇到其他高人的

70
00:05:16,385 --&gt; 00:05:18,880
不如咱们好好逛逛这座庙宇吧

71
00:05:22,548 --&gt; 00:05:24,010
他到底是怎么了？

72
00:05:25,235 --&gt; 00:05:28,235
应该会找到教他御火术的人的

73
00:05:31,964 --&gt; 00:05:36,548
你们好啊，我是祖寇，我猜你们可能应该知道我吧

74
00:05:36,627 --&gt; 00:05:42,580
脸熟是肯定的了，那个，使用御火术我有很多经验

75
00:05:42,580 --&gt; 00:05:44,571
我自认为应该是行家里手了

76
00:05:44,598 --&gt; 00:05:48,120
嗯，你们应该见识过我的武功了，在我攻击你们的时候

77
00:05:49,260 --&gt; 00:05:51,095
我想我应该向你们道歉

78
00:05:51,116 --&gt; 00:05:52,690
不过我现在已经洗心革面了

79
00:05:52,690 --&gt; 00:05:56,187
我之前自认为是正义之师，现在我翻然悔悟

80
00:05:56,209 --&gt; 00:06:02,944
呃，那个，我想我现在应该加入你们的团队
我可以传授神通御火术

81
00:06:08,841 --&gt; 00:06:11,218
你到底是什么想法？

82
00:06:13,334 --&gt; 00:06:15,673
唉，我就知道不行

83
00:06:15,673 --&gt; 00:06:19,550
我怎样才能说服他们接纳我呢？

84
00:06:20,511 --&gt; 00:06:21,836
皇叔会怎样做呢？

85
00:06:21,836 --&gt; 00:06:29,073
祖寇，你必须正视自我
把自己从邪恶面中拯救出来

86
00:06:29,460 --&gt; 00:06:34,704
只有那样，你的真我才能显现

87
00:06:36,024 --&gt; 00:06:40,002
呃，即便我像他那样说话
也不能明白他到底是什么意思

88
00:06:40,130 --&gt; 00:06:41,784
阿祖拉会怎么做呢？

89
00:06:41,784 --&gt; 00:06:49,990
听着，神通，赶紧让我加入你们队伍
要不然休怪我对你们残忍

90
00:06:49,990 --&gt; 00:06:51,379
你看着办吧

91
00:06:52,568 --&gt; 00:06:55,174
看来我真得没有假扮别人的天分

92
00:07:07,974 --&gt; 00:07:11,323
安昂，咱们现在能谈谈你学习御火术的事吗？

93
00:07:11,323 --&gt; 00:07:15,346
什么？听不清，我这里信号不好

94
00:07:15,670 --&gt; 00:07:17,228
看看我这招翻筋斗

95
00:07:21,624 --&gt; 00:07:25,374
安昂，我想咱们应该为将来做好打算

96
00:07:25,617 --&gt; 00:07:29,318
好吧，不过先要给你们看样东西
这么大的“牌手桌”你们之前肯定没见过吧

97
00:07:30,340 --&gt; 00:07:33,191
哦，对了，这里还有老式的回音室呢

98
00:07:33,191 --&gt; 00:07:34,895
看来游览计划要泡汤了

99
00:07:41,567 --&gt; 00:07:43,656
你们好，小祖在此

100
00:07:50,277 --&gt; 00:07:55,443
我听见你们在附近飞来着
所以就特意来这等你们

101
00:08:05,561 --&gt; 00:08:07,985
我知道你们肯定很惊讶在这里看到我

102
00:08:07,985 --&gt; 00:08:11,323
有什么大惊小怪的，你不就是
喜欢追着我们满世界跑吗？

103
00:08:11,928 --&gt; 00:08:19,280
是啊，那个，呃，我想
告诉你们的是我已经改过自新了

104
00:08:19,476 --&gt; 00:08:24,420
我，呃，我已经弃恶从善了
呃，我觉得应该加入你们的团队

105
00:08:24,420 --&gt; 00:08:26,923
噢，我还可以教你...御火术

106
00:08:30,106 --&gt; 00:08:32,570
-你看，我， 呃...   -你要干嘛？

107
00:08:32,623 --&gt; 00:08:36,189
你不是以为我们会相信你的鬼话吧

108
00:08:36,189 --&gt; 00:08:38,451
你以为我们都是白痴呢

109
00:08:38,514 --&gt; 00:08:42,248
是啊，你想做的就是把我们击垮，然后抓住安昂

110
00:08:42,248 --&gt; 00:08:44,507
我也做过好事的啊，我是说

111
00:08:44,507 --&gt; 00:08:48,936
我本可以在永固城偷走你的野牛的
可我却放了它，这不也是大功一件吗？

112
00:08:51,448 --&gt; 00:08:53,791
阿柏看起来的确挺喜欢他的

113
00:08:53,791 --&gt; 00:08:57,347
没准他往身上抹了蜂蜜什么的，所以阿柏才会去舔他

114
00:08:57,347 --&gt; 00:08:58,687
我可不会上他的当

115
00:08:59,601 --&gt; 00:09:03,426
你们为什么就不肯相信我呢，我之前是犯过错

116
00:09:03,548 --&gt; 00:09:05,078
比如袭击我们的村庄了

117
00:09:05,078 --&gt; 00:09:08,971
你还偷走了我母亲的项链，还用它来跟踪追捕我们

118
00:09:08,971 --&gt; 00:09:14,710
我承认我做过一些可怕的事情
我不应该试图抓捕你们

119
00:09:14,710 --&gt; 00:09:16,545
袭击水族的事我也深感抱歉

120
00:09:16,545 --&gt; 00:09:19,749
我更不应该派个火宗刺客去追杀你们

121
00:09:19,749 --&gt; 00:09:23,297
-我会去阻止他的    -等等，那个“烈焰男”是你派来的？

122
00:09:23,309 --&gt; 00:09:25,657
嗯，他不叫那个名字，不过...

123
00:09:25,657 --&gt; 00:09:28,985
哦，对不起啊，我无心侮辱你的朋友

124
00:09:29,078 --&gt; 00:09:30,868
他不是我的朋友

125
00:09:30,868 --&gt; 00:09:34,328
那家伙把我和卡塔拉关在监牢里
还想把我们一网打尽

126
00:09:35,441 --&gt; 00:09:38,463
你为何一言不发呢？

127
00:09:38,463 --&gt; 00:09:40,357
你不是说过想和我成为朋友吗？

128
00:09:41,596 --&gt; 00:09:43,541
你知道我有善良的一面

129
00:09:48,355 --&gt; 00:09:52,109
在你做过那些事之后，我们是不可能信任你的

130
00:09:52,109 --&gt; 00:09:53,983
我们是永远也不会让你加入的

131
00:09:54,670 --&gt; 00:09:57,938
你现在赶紧走人吧

132
00:10:00,171 --&gt; 00:10:03,534
我只是想告诉你们我已经改变了

133
00:10:03,930 --&gt; 00:10:06,068
你要是再不走，我们就打你出去

134
00:10:06,399 --&gt; 00:10:11,618
既然你们不能接受我成为朋友
那就把我当作你们的囚犯吧

135
00:10:11,775 --&gt; 00:10:13,637
不，我们才不稀罕

136
00:10:13,637 --&gt; 00:10:17,117
赶紧滚，别让我们再看见你

137
00:10:17,117 --&gt; 00:10:21,729
如果胆敢在出现在我们眼前，呃，最好别有那一天

138
00:10:38,948 --&gt; 00:10:42,654
我怎么能那么蠢呢，我当时在想啥呢

139
00:10:42,654 --&gt; 00:10:44,834
跟他们说我派了个刺客去杀他们？

140
00:10:44,834 --&gt; 00:10:48,137
我为什么不把一切都赖在
阿祖拉身上呢？他们一定会相信的

141
00:10:48,137 --&gt; 00:10:50,046
太蠢了

142
00:10:56,179 --&gt; 00:10:58,519
他葫芦里到底卖的什么药？

143
00:10:58,519 --&gt; 00:11:01,385
很明显他又想给咱们下套

144
00:11:01,385 --&gt; 00:11:04,728
就像在永固城监狱时的情形一样
当时我和他被关在一起

145
00:11:04,728 --&gt; 00:11:06,300
他开始哭诉她的母亲，

146
00:11:06,300 --&gt; 00:11:09,556
把自己包装的跟有感情的正常人一样

147
00:11:09,556 --&gt; 00:11:13,892
他想让你信任他，替他惋惜
那样你就会放下防备

148
00:11:13,892 --&gt; 00:11:15,531
然后他就趁虚而入

149
00:11:15,531 --&gt; 00:11:17,930
怪就怪在，他这招真管用

150
00:11:17,930 --&gt; 00:11:22,711
我当时的确很为他惋惜
我一度认为他的确很困惑、很受伤

151
00:11:22,711 --&gt; 00:11:28,023
不过事实是，当时机到来之时
他做了他的选择，而我们却付出了惨痛的代价

152
00:11:28,023 --&gt; 00:11:30,477
我们不能相信他

153
00:11:30,477 --&gt; 00:11:34,994
有件事我一直没提，有一次你俩都病倒了
而我却被 赵 给捉住了

154
00:11:34,994 --&gt; 00:11:38,723
就是你让我们含冰蛙的那次，打死我都不会忘的

155
00:11:38,723 --&gt; 00:11:42,824
那之后，有条小虫一直在我
的小舌头后面躲了一个月

156
00:11:42,824 --&gt; 00:11:46,966
索卡，我当时看过了，那后面啥也没有

157
00:11:46,966 --&gt; 00:11:50,408
我分明感觉到了，我自己的小舌头我能不清楚？

158
00:11:50,408 --&gt; 00:11:54,825
不管怎样，在赵困住我之时，是祖寇进来救我出去的

159
00:11:54,825 --&gt; 00:11:57,268
他不顾生命安危来救我

160
00:11:57,268 --&gt; 00:12:00,899
不可能，我敢肯定他这么做只是为了想亲手捉住你

161
00:12:00,899 --&gt; 00:12:04,187
对，承认吧，安昂，你在他眼中只是个大奖罢了

162
00:12:04,187 --&gt; 00:12:08,693
-也许你们是对的   -还真以为别人会相信是他放了阿柏呢

163
00:12:08,693 --&gt; 00:12:11,930
-真是个大骗子  -实际上，他并没撒谎

164
00:12:11,930 --&gt; 00:12:17,475
噢，那真要感谢上苍了
虽然他一生与人为恶，却对动物网开一面

165
00:12:17,475 --&gt; 00:12:21,704
我只是想说，他的家庭一塌糊涂
又是在那种环境下成长的

166
00:12:21,704 --&gt; 00:12:23,944
难免会让他在品质上有些问题

167
00:12:23,944 --&gt; 00:12:27,614
你说的没错，拓芙，
那咱们去找他吧，再授他一枚奖章

168
00:12:27,614 --&gt; 00:12:30,721
奖项名就叫“没成为理应成为的混蛋奖”

169
00:12:30,721 --&gt; 00:12:35,032
我只知道在和我们谈话时，他是真诚的

170
00:12:35,032 --&gt; 00:12:38,845
也许是那些受伤的情感
蒙蔽了你们的双眼

171
00:12:38,845 --&gt; 00:12:42,720
你说的倒是轻巧，在我们
被海盗追杀的时候你在哪儿呢？

172
00:12:42,720 --&gt; 00:12:44,732
他火烧虚子岛的时候你又在哪儿呢？

173
00:12:44,732 --&gt; 00:12:47,131
他在烈火寺里伏击我的时候你也不在场

174
00:12:47,187 --&gt; 00:12:49,617
你为何想要为他辩护呢？

175
00:12:49,617 --&gt; 00:12:53,984
因为卡塔拉，你们忽视了一个重要的事实

176
00:12:54,152 --&gt; 00:12:56,695
安昂现在急需一名御火术师傅

177
00:12:56,695 --&gt; 00:12:59,805
我们绞尽脑汁都没想到一个合适的人选

178
00:12:59,805 --&gt; 00:13:03,790
原本可以得来全不费功夫
可你们居然连考虑都不考虑

179
00:13:06,357 --&gt; 00:13:09,079
我不会拜祖寇为师的

180
00:13:09,079 --&gt; 00:13:13,684
-伙计，不用你瞎操心       -就这么定了，也后别再提了

181
00:13:13,684 --&gt; 00:13:18,377
真不知道咱们几个到底是谁瞎了眼

182
00:13:27,378 --&gt; 00:13:28,426
谁在那儿？

183
00:13:29,593 --&gt; 00:13:30,876
-退后    -是我

184
00:13:35,596 --&gt; 00:13:37,471
你烧伤了我的脚

185
00:13:37,471 --&gt; 00:13:39,473
我很抱歉，那是个误会

186
00:13:40,032 --&gt; 00:13:41,977
你离我远点

187
00:13:45,099 --&gt; 00:13:46,552
让我来帮你吧

188
00:13:46,845 --&gt; 00:13:48,814
对不起

189
00:13:49,436 --&gt; 00:13:51,499
走开，走开

190
00:13:54,901 --&gt; 00:13:59,096
我不知道是你，你回来啊

191
00:14:02,170 --&gt; 00:14:05,779
天哪！想当个好人怎么就这么难呢？

192
00:14:16,716 --&gt; 00:14:18,471
有人看见拓芙了吗？

193
00:14:18,655 --&gt; 00:14:21,017
自从昨天发脾气走后就再也没见到她

194
00:14:21,125 --&gt; 00:14:23,404
也许她正在探索这座古刹呢

195
00:14:23,404 --&gt; 00:14:25,988
这里有些地方是练御土术的绝佳地点

196
00:14:26,625 --&gt; 00:14:28,627
咱们应该去找找她

197
00:14:28,627 --&gt; 00:14:33,081
算了，就让她玩石头去吧
这样我也能捞个耳边清静

198
00:14:33,081 --&gt; 00:14:34,052
那让我们去找她吧

199
00:14:34,052 --&gt; 00:14:37,929
好的，我想再走一次那个通到马雕塑的通道

200
00:14:37,929 --&gt; 00:14:40,292
我把刹车修了一下，这回一定没问题

201
00:14:51,279 --&gt; 00:14:52,848
拓芙，咋的啦？

202
00:14:52,848 --&gt; 00:14:54,557
我的脚被烧伤了

203
00:14:54,557 --&gt; 00:14:56,760
哦，天哪，到底发生了什么？

204
00:14:56,760 --&gt; 00:15:00,137
我不是告诉你了吗，我的脚被烧伤了

205
00:15:00,137 --&gt; 00:15:04,521
-我是说你是怎么弄的  -那个，我昨晚去见祖寇了

206
00:15:04,594 --&gt; 00:15:06,909
-你干嘛去了？　-见祖寇？  -啊？

207
00:15:06,909 --&gt; 00:15:09,564
我想他没准对我们有用

208
00:15:09,564 --&gt; 00:15:12,977
如果我和他谈谈，也许可以达成某种协议

209
00:15:12,977 --&gt; 00:15:16,896
-那是他攻击你喽？　-那个，说是，也可以说不是

210
00:15:16,896 --&gt; 00:15:20,621
-应该算是个意外吧　　-不过他确实对你用御火术了

211
00:15:21,097 --&gt; 00:15:27,478
-是的      -看吧，相信祖寇
就相当于引火上身，这可不是胡说的

212
00:15:27,518 --&gt; 00:15:32,142
你的脚看来伤得不轻啊
我真希望能赶快治好它们

213
00:15:32,214 --&gt; 00:15:33,408
我比你还急呢

214
00:15:33,414 --&gt; 00:15:37,597
祖寇对我们来说的确是个威胁
咱们得去把他收拾了

215
00:15:37,837 --&gt; 00:15:39,976
我不想去打架滋事，不过你说的没错

216
00:15:40,379 --&gt; 00:15:43,345
既然他这么对待拓芙，我想我们没得选择了

217
00:15:43,498 --&gt; 00:15:46,124
他太狡猾了，不过再好的狐狸也斗不过好猎手

218
00:15:46,227 --&gt; 00:15:48,164
你把他请回这儿不就得了

219
00:15:48,164 --&gt; 00:15:51,147
他之前说过想当我们的囚犯来着

220
00:15:51,208 --&gt; 00:15:55,013
是啊，让他回来，告诉他可以让他当囚徒了

221
00:15:55,013 --&gt; 00:15:59,830
然后就出其不意给他一击 ，让他成为真正的囚徒
就这么办，他肯定不会料到的

222
00:15:59,830 --&gt; 00:16:02,404
索卡，你还真是出其不意的高手呢

223
00:16:05,347 --&gt; 00:16:07,477
啊，真舒服

224
00:16:07,477 --&gt; 00:16:09,964
我终于体会到你们的感受了

225
00:16:09,964 --&gt; 00:16:12,629
你从来都不会为了脚臭而发愁

226
00:16:43,914 --&gt; 00:16:45,923
住手

227
00:16:45,923 --&gt; 00:16:48,675
我不想让你再追杀降世神通了

228
00:16:48,675 --&gt; 00:16:53,200
任务已经取消了，我命令你住手

229
00:16:58,195 --&gt; 00:17:00,968
如果你再不住手，我就不付钱给你了

230
00:17:02,325 --&gt; 00:17:05,785
算你狠，我付你双份咋样，快住手

231
00:18:09,132 --&gt; 00:18:12,520
他想把这整个地方从悬崖上打掉

232
00:18:16,736 --&gt; 00:18:19,938
肯定还没等我御水术对付他时
就已经被他给崩飞了

233
00:18:19,938 --&gt; 00:18:22,777
咱们在下面也不好瞄准他

234
00:18:24,079 --&gt; 00:18:26,009
我知道怎样瞄准他

235
00:18:42,148 --&gt; 00:18:44,580
好了，伙计，别让我失望啊

236
00:18:55,768 --&gt; 00:18:57,531
耶，真有你的，飞去飞来

237
00:19:03,268 --&gt; 00:19:06,179
啊~~~笨飞去飞来

238
00:19:47,849 --&gt; 00:19:51,457
就连我自己也不相信
不过我还是要说，谢谢你，祖寇

239
00:19:51,905 --&gt; 00:19:54,360
嘿，你咋不谢我呢？我的飞去飞来可是立了大功

240
00:19:54,360 --&gt; 00:19:57,645
我昨天可能没有为自己解释清楚

241
00:19:57,645 --&gt; 00:20:01,672
过去三年中我经历了太多，真是一言难进啊

242
00:20:01,858 --&gt; 00:20:07,030
不过我意识到，经历这些事情让我找到了真相

243
00:20:07,030 --&gt; 00:20:10,816
我原以为我丢失的荣耀，只有父皇才能还给我

244
00:20:10,816 --&gt; 00:20:14,540
现在我知道了，没人可以给你荣耀

245
00:20:14,540 --&gt; 00:20:18,590
荣耀是通过做正确的事情来赢得的

246
00:20:18,590 --&gt; 00:20:21,860
我现在只想为结束这场战争尽我的绵薄之力

247
00:20:21,860 --&gt; 00:20:26,511
我知道我的使命就是协助你恢复这世界的和谐安宁

248
00:20:26,511 --&gt; 00:20:31,300
我对烧伤你的事深表抱歉，那真的是个意外

249
00:20:31,300 --&gt; 00:20:33,187
火有时候会十分危险且难以掌控

250
00:20:33,187 --&gt; 00:20:38,301
所以对于御火师来讲，在御火时更要倍加小心

251
00:20:38,301 --&gt; 00:20:40,996
这样才不会将别人误伤

252
00:20:42,410 --&gt; 00:20:45,989
我想你就是我要找的御火术师傅

253
00:20:45,989 --&gt; 00:20:50,142
起初当我试着学习御火术时，我烧伤了卡塔拉

254
00:20:50,142 --&gt; 00:20:53,879
从那之后，我再也不想用御火术了

255
00:20:55,727 --&gt; 00:20:59,984
不过我现在明白了，让你深爱的人受伤是如此的容易

256
00:20:59,984 --&gt; 00:21:03,365
我希望能拜你为师

257
00:21:05,606 --&gt; 00:21:07,224
荣幸之至

258
00:21:07,224 --&gt; 00:21:10,899
你能接受我加入你们团队真是太好了

259
00:21:10,899 --&gt; 00:21:14,243
别急，还需要征得我同伴的同意

260
00:21:14,672 --&gt; 00:21:17,979
拓芙，祖寇烧伤的人是你

261
00:21:17,979 --&gt; 00:21:19,294
你怎么想？

262
00:21:19,294 --&gt; 00:21:26,336
让他加入吧，烧伤我的帐可以慢慢算

263
00:21:26,427 --&gt; 00:21:27,440
索卡？

264
00:21:29,239 --&gt; 00:21:35,747
嘿，只要能够打败烈火王就行
如果你觉得可以，我就没意见

265
00:21:36,939 --&gt; 00:21:38,844
卡塔拉？

266
00:21:45,231 --&gt; 00:21:49,202
我永远都赞成你的决定

267
00:21:49,202 --&gt; 00:21:53,098
我保证不会让你们失望的

268
00:22:03,890 --&gt; 00:22:08,443
进去吧，就当是到家了吧，虽然是暂时的

269
00:22:08,443 --&gt; 00:22:11,498
收拾一下吧，一会就开饭

270
00:22:11,498 --&gt; 00:22:14,703
哈，欢迎入伙

271
00:22:19,540 --&gt; 00:22:21,870
好吧，这真是太怪了

272
00:22:30,902 --&gt; 00:22:35,462
如果必要的话，我会将余生的每一天都用于追捕神通

273
00:22:35,462 --&gt; 00:22:37,639
我的使命就是要捕获他

274
00:22:37,639 --&gt; 00:22:42,915
我说，祖寇殿下，命运可是十分有趣东西

275
00:22:42,915 --&gt; 00:22:46,003
你可能永远都找不到完成它的办法

276
00:22:46,003 --&gt; 00:22:50,362
不过只要你能敞开自己的思想和心灵

277
00:22:50,959 --&gt; 00:22:55,316
终有一日你会找到属于自己的命运的

278
00:23:03,322 --&gt; 00:23:07,573
你那套洗心革面的说辞骗得了别人

279
00:23:07,573 --&gt; 00:23:11,209
可却骗不住我，你我都知道
你的内心一直都在正邪之间挣扎

280
00:23:11,209 --&gt; 00:23:14,626
咱们就挑开天窗说亮话吧

281
00:23:14,626 --&gt; 00:23:17,453
哪怕你有一点的退步，哪怕一丁点

282
00:23:17,453 --&gt; 00:23:20,168
让我发现你会对安昂不利的话

283
00:23:20,168 --&gt; 00:23:23,343
你就永远也不用为你的命运担忧了

284
00:23:23,343 --&gt; 00:23:26,108
因为我会立刻让你的小命终结

285
00:23:26,108 --&gt; 00:23:28,953
永远的终结，我说到做到

286
00:23:28,953 --&gt; 00:24:03,611
-=未完待续=-
听译/时间轴：阿土  校译：英麟 阿土
http://blog.sina.com.cn/tucity
本字幕仅为个人学习之用，请勿用作商业用途

1
00:00:01,442 --&gt; 00:00:02,097
水善国

2
00:00:04,042 --&gt; 00:00:05,440
土强国

3
00:00:05,856 --&gt; 00:00:07,543
火烈国

4
00:00:07,939 --&gt; 00:00:09,011
气和国

5
00:00:10,404 --&gt; 00:00:13,848
很久以前，这四大国和谐共处

6
00:00:14,331 --&gt; 00:00:18,336
然而，烈火国发起的战争结束了和平

7
00:00:18,759 --&gt; 00:00:22,553
只有同时掌握四种元素的降世神通才能结束战争

8
00:00:22,554 --&gt; 00:00:25,860
然而在大家最需要他的时候，他却消失了

9
00:00:26,236 --&gt; 00:00:29,628
100年后，我和哥哥发现了转世的降世神通

10
00:00:30,002 --&gt; 00:00:31,870
他是个御气师，名叫“安昂”

11
00:00:31,905 --&gt; 00:00:34,278
尽管他的御气术着实了得

12
00:00:34,313 --&gt; 00:00:36,939
在拯救苍生之前，他要学的还有很多

13
00:00:37,938 --&gt; 00:00:40,931
但是我坚信 安昂能拯救这个世界

14
00:00:41,104 --&gt; 00:00:45,890
-=降世神通=-
最后的气宗
听译/时间轴/校正：阿土
英语字幕校译：英麟（特别感谢）
http://blog.sina.com.cn/tucity
本字幕仅为个人学习之用，请勿用作商业用途

15
00:00:46,733 --&gt; 00:00:48,885
降世神通 前情提要

16
00:00:50,559 --&gt; 00:00:52,241
那么，咱们的新计划是啥？

17
00:00:52,241 --&gt; 00:00:55,063
新计划其实就是原来的老计划

18
00:00:55,063 --&gt; 00:00:56,852
你只要在彗星到来之前
掌握好所有的四种元素

19
00:00:56,852 --&gt; 00:00:59,045
然后去撂倒烈火王就行了

20
00:00:59,167 --&gt; 00:01:01,510
我上哪去找御火术师傅啊？

21
00:01:01,777 --&gt; 00:01:03,728
大家好啊，我是祖寇

22
00:01:03,728 --&gt; 00:01:06,072
我想加入你们的团队

23
00:01:06,072 --&gt; 00:01:08,524
我还可以传授神通御火术

24
00:01:08,524 --&gt; 00:01:12,711
我知道我的使命就是协助你重新恢复世界的平衡

25
00:01:12,711 --&gt; 00:01:16,428
我想你就是我要找的御火术师傅

26
00:01:17,057 --&gt; 00:01:22,306
第三卷
火
</pre>
  </div>
</div>
