# S03E10 - The Day of Black Sun Part 1: The Invasion

**Languages:** English / 中文

<table class="script-table">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>English</th>
      <th>中文</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><pre class="script">
      The Day of Black Sun Part 1: The Invasion

      Written By: Michael Dante DiMartino
      Directed By: Giancarlo Volpe
      Storyboard By: Michael Chang, Michael Dante DiMartino, Juan Meza-Leon, Yu
      Jae Myoung, Bobby Rubio, Giancarlo Volpe
      Animation By: JM Animation Co, Ltd.
      Transcriber: Icy_Ashford

      [Introduction sequence]

      [“Previously on Avatar” sequence, including clips from The Awakening,
      Sokka’s Master, Nightmares and Daydreams and The Avatar and The Fire
      Lord.]

      Act I

      (The episode opens up to a crescent-shaped port on the island previously
      seen on Nightmares and Daydreams. Cut to a shot of 3 maps overlapping one
      another, 2 of them are maps of the Fire Nation while the other is a map of
      the World. Cut to a shot of Sokka in his Water Tribe gear studying the
      maps with intense concentration and wiping perspiration off his forehead.
      A hand wearing wrist guards holding a cup appears on screen in front of
      Sokka and proceeds to place the cup into his hands. Camera zooms out to
      reveal Katara being the owner of the hand and she’s donned Water Tribe
      gear as well. Appa is seen sleeping in the background while Toph is
      resting on a nearby rock in her Season 2 outfit with Momo resting at her
      feet. Aang jumps out and lands beside her.)

      Aang: (Momo scurries to his shoulder) Top of the morning, Momo!
      Katara: Sounds like you slept well.
      Aang: Like a baby mooselion. I’m ready (in an attacking position) to face
      the Fire Lord.
      Toph: So what’s your strategy for taking him down‌ Going to get your glow
      on (her fingers flutter in front of her eyes) and hit him (punches the air
      repeatedly) with a little Avatar State action‌

      (Cut to a close-up shot of Aang looking down dejectedly)

      Aang: I can’t. When Azula shot me with lightning, my 7th chakra was
      locked, cutting off my connection to all the cosmic energy in the
      Universe.
      Toph: You know what I just heard‌ Blah blah spiritual mumbo jumbo blah
      blah something about Space.

      (Camera pans out to reveal something foggy near the horizon)

      Katara: Oh no. Sokka, do you think the fog will delay the invasion‌
      Sokka: No, that is the invasion.

      (Cut to the camera revealing 5 Water Tribe ships appearing out of the fog.
      Cut to Hakoda peering through a telescope with Bato standing beside him.
      Both are wearing Water Tribe warrior armor.

      Cut to a shot of Aang and Toph at the port, earthbending some docks.
      Camera pans out to reveal an aerial view of the ships docking. Cut to
      Katara and Sokka running towards their father with Katara proceeding to
      embrace him. )

      Katara: You made it Dad!
      Sokka: Were you able to locate everyone I told you to find‌
      Hakoda: I did. But I’m a little worried, Sokka. (Looks behind at Due and
      Tho who are descending from the ship) Some of these men aren’t exactly the
      warrior type.
      Due: (Excited and full of energy) Whooo-wheee. This place ain’t nothing
      like a swamp. (Points to a rock) What’d you reckon that is, Tho‌ Some sort
      of exploding Fire Nation exploding trap that would eat ya‌
      Tho: It’s just a rock, Due.
      Due: Well, I’ll be.
      Hakoda: (skeptical) Is it just me, or are those fellas a little loose in
      the leaf head‌
      Bato: I just wish they would wear pants.

      (Cut to Hue scratching his abdomen)

      Hue: Pants are an illusion and so is death.

      (Cut back to Hakoda, Bato, Katara who have confused and worried looks on
      their faces. Only Sokka is smiling widely. Camera fades out and reveals
      Katara, Aang, Toph and some swampbenders standing at the docks.)

      Haru: (off screen) Hi, Katara. (Cut to a shot revealing Haru’s face. He
      has grown some facial hair.)

      Katara: Haru, (runs and embraces him) it’s so good to see you.
      Aang: (walking towards Haru and giving an introduction) Toph, this is
      Haru. When we met him, his town was controlled by the Fire Nation. So we
      had to hide his earthbending.
      Haru: Katara inspired me and my Father (Tyro comes into screen. Katara is
      seen blushing.) to take back our village.
      Tyro: (places a hand on their shoulders) You helped us find our courage,
      Katara. Now we’re here to help you.

      (Cut to Toph who looks surprised)

      Toph: No way. (Gets into a defensive stance) Is that…‌ (A pair of huge
      hands appear on screen and carries Toph up. Camera pans out to reveal The
      Hippo.)
      Hippo: (embracing Toph) Hippo happy to see Blind Bandit!
      Toph: (angrily) You guys here for a re-match‌
      Boulder: (Cut to a shot of Boulder standing behind Hippo) Negatory. The
      Boulder and The Hippo no longer fight (making “no” gesture with his hands)
      for others’ entertainment. Now, we fight for our Kingdom! (raises both
      arms up in enthusiasm.)
      Toph: Sweet. (smiles)

      (Camera pans out to reveal Sokka watching the whole scene a short distance
      away. He turns his head towards his Father. Suddenly, a boat explodes
      behind Sokka and Hakoda, shocking them both as they proceed to run towards
      it. Cut to a shot of The Mechanist appearing from the lower deck, his face
      covered with orange goo, coughing. Cut to a shot of Teo wheeling his
      wheelchair down the gangplank. His father, The Duke and Pipsqueak trail
      behind him.)

      Sokka: Was that a new invention‌
      The Mechanist: Yes. (Teo is seen licking the orange goo off his hands) But
      unfortunately, the incendiary capabilities of peanut sauce proved to be a
      failure.
      Sokka: You’re making peanut sauce bombs‌

      (Cut to The Duke piggybacking on Pipsqueak’s back. Their faces are covered
      with peanut sauce.)

      Pipsqueak: They’re destructive.
      The Duke: (continues) And Delicious! (Both proceed to lick sauce off their
      faces. Momo jumps on Pipsqueak and tries to lick his face to the amusement
      of both boys who laugh.)
      Sokka: Were you able to complete work on the plans I sent you‌
      The Mechanist: Yes, I was and I think the Fire Nation would be quite
      surprised.
      Teo: Aang, (takes a pole-like object from his wheelchair) my Dad &amp; I made
      this for you.

      (Cut to a shot of Aang’s hand taking the object.. Cut to a shot of blue
      “wings” popping out from the sides.)

      Aang: (Camera zooms out to reveal Aang admiring his new glider) A new
      glider! This is amazing.
      The Mechanist: And as a special feature, I added a snack compartment.
      (Places his head under the handle and pulls it. Peanuts tumble out of the
      compartment into his mouth.)
      Aang: Oh well, I’m sure that will come in handy.

      (Cut to a shot of the Fire Nation prison seen in The Headband. Cut to a
      shot of someone filing his nails.)

      Warden Poon: (voice over) I bet you’re tired to be in that cell, old man.
      (Camera zooms out to reveal Warden Poon sitting on the floor doing his
      grooming.) Well, too bad. (Cut to a shot of Iroh in his cell) You’re never
      stepping outside these walls again. (A guard enters the room with a tray
      of food.)
      Ming: Breakfast.
      Warden Poon: (Stands up) Careful, Ming. Don’t get too close. His stench
      will knock you right out. (He cackles and exits the room. Cut to a shot of
      Ming looking at him, annoyed.)
      Ming: I snuck in some white jade tea. I know you like rare teas.
      Iroh: Thank you, Ming. (takes the cup of tea) Ever since I was put in
      here, you have been very kind to me. (Ming tilts her head and smiles
      embarrassedly.)

      (Cut to a shot of a group of Water Tribe warriors and Earth Kingdom
      soldiers having their meal. Cut to a shot of Sokka with scrolls in his
      hand and gulping nervously.)

      Hakoda: Don’t worry, you’ll do great.

      (Sokka takes a deep breath and walks to the platform.)

      Sokka: Good morning, everyone!

      (He trips and starts to pick up his fallen scrolls hurriedly.)

      Sokka: Uhm… So, as you know today we’re invading the Fire Nation. I mean I
      know you know that. (laughs nervously) Because otherwise why else would
      you be here‌ Anyway… (Clumsily drops more scrolls. He picks them up and
      places it on a board.) The Fire Lord’s palace is here. (Points to the map)
      Uh no, uh wait, (flips to another map) uh wait (flips again), uh wait
      (flips for the final time). It’s here (points to the correct map. Cut to a
      shot of Due, scratching his head and looking rather confused) and uh
      there’s an eclipse today and Aang’s going to fight the Fire Lord (he
      starts to panic) and the firebenders won’t have any fire to use so that’s
      good for us and uhm… (Cut to Teo and The Mechanist who look bored.) I’m
      sorry, let me start at the beginning.

      (Sokka looks down and tries to compose himself.)

      Sokka: (rapidly) Katara and I discovered Aang frozen in an iceberg. Now I
      didn’t like Aang at first but I grew to love him over time. Then we went
      over to the Southern Air Temple where Aang used to live and then we met
      Suki, who is a Kyoshi warrior. (Cut to a Water Tribe warrior yawning) She
      made me dress like a woman and then she kissed me

      Katara: (quietly to Aang) Wow, he says beginning, he means beginning,
      beginning.

      Sokka: …and then Aang’s friend was a crazy old man and then Katara got
      Haru arrested and then now he’s grown a mustache (Camera pans out to
      reveal Hakoda approaching Sokka) and if you look in the front row you can
      see him…

      Hakoda: Thank you, Sokka. (places a reassuring hand on Sokka’s shoulder)
      It’s okay, why don’t you take a break‌ (Sokka looks rather disappointed
      and obliges.) Let me just clarify a few points for everyone. Today is the
      Day of Black Sun (Cut to a group of Earth Kingdom soldiers, Haru and Tyro
      starts to take interest in what he says) and I want to thank you all for
      your self sacrifice and your courage. (Camera slowly pans pass a group of
      Water Tribe warriors who are attentively listening to their leader.)
      They’re two steps to the invasion. A naval stage and then a land stage. To
      gain sea access to the Fire Nation capital, (Cut to the gang who are
      paying attention though Sokka looks rather downcast) we have to get pass
      our first major obstacle here. (points to the centre of the map) The Great
      Gates of Azulon. Next, (flips to another map) we hit the land and we hit
      hard (throws his fist against the map to emphasize his point). We must
      fight past their battlements and secure the plaza tower (his finger points
      to tower on the map). Once we do that, (his fingers move up the map to a
      structure on the map) it’s up to the royal palace. At that point, the
      eclipse will begin.

      Boulder: (raises a hand to ask a question) Excuse me, The Boulder is
      confused. Isn’t the point to invade during the eclipse‌ When the
      firebenders are powerless‌
      Hakoda: The eclipse only last 8 minutes. Not enough time for the whole
      invasion and the royal palace is heavily guarded by firebenders. So that’s
      where we’ll need the eclipse advantage the most. When this is finished,
      the Avatar would have defeated the Fire Lord. We would have control of the
      Fire Nation capital (Cut to a shot of Haru and Tyro with serious looks on
      their faces) and this war will be over!

      (Everyone cheers. Cut to The Duke and Pipsqueak who are cheering wildly.
      Cut to the gang who join in the shouts. Sokka is still looking downcast.

      Cut to Katara waterbending water from the river into her pouch. Cut to
      Toph putting on a wrist guard. Cut to Hakoda putting on his head gear
      which resembles a wolf’s head. Cut to a shot Appa’s armored foot stamping
      the ground. Cut to the camera trailing down a golden arrow which glints in
      the sunlight. Cut to Appa’s eye. Camera zooms out to reveal Appa in his
      custom made armor. Appa growls. Cut to Aang shaving his head by the river
      and he’s wearing a toga which resembles his air nomad robes. He shaves off
      the remaining of his hair to reveal his tattooed arrow. He stands up on
      cue to the dramatic music in the background, glider in hand, ready to
      enter battle. A koala sheep appears beside Aang and bleets while Aang pats
      its head.

      Cut to an overhead shot of Zuko’s bedroom as he stands near his bed. Cut
      to a shot of his hand as he removes the pin that fastens his crown in
      place with one hand and the crown with the other. His hair falls back to
      its original place. He places both objects into his belt. Zuko proceeds to
      remove the shoulder padding from his armor and sets it on his bed. Cut to
      a shot of calligraphy brushes, an ink plate and a piece of paper with 2
      wooden paperweights on it. Zuko smoothens the paper with one of the wooden
      blocks. Cut to a shot of him staring at the paper. Cut to a close-up shot
      of a brush being dipped in ink. Camera slowly zooms out to reveal Zuko has
      begun writing and focuses on his shoulder plate armor that is on the bed.

      Cut back to the port. Camera slowly moves to a hand holding a Water Tribe
      headgear. Cut to Sokka who is looking at it despondently. Aang flies into
      screen with his glider and lands beside Sokka.)

      Aang: We’ve been looking everywhere for you. The boats are ready to leave.

      Sokka: (still disappointed with himself) I messed up, Aang.
      Aang: What‌
      Sokka: The invasion plan was my moment of truth. And I completely flopped
      it. I just fell apart.
      Aang: Sokka, (walks up to him and places a hand on his shoulder) that
      speech wasn’t your moment of truth. That was just public speaking and
      nobody’s really good at that.
      Sokka: My Dad is. He explained the plan perfectly and inspired everyone.
      Like a real leader should.
      Aang: Look, your moment of truth isn’t going to be in front of some map.
      It’s going to be out there, (points to the vast ocean in front of them) on
      the battlefield.
      Sokka: You seem so confident about everything. How do you know we’re going
      to win‌
      Aang: Because I already failed the world once at Ba Sing Se. I won’t let
      myself fail again.

      (Cut to the 5 ships heading out into sea.)

      Bato: (voiceover) There they are. (Cut to Bato’s point of view through the
      telescope which reveals a statue of Fire Lord Azulon surrounded by fog)
      The Great Gates of Azulon.

      Katara: (voiceover) I don’t see any gates.

      (Bato scans to the right and spots a dragon statue with a net outside its
      mouth. Cut to Katara and the swampbenders trying to peer through the dense
      fog.)

      Hakoda: Katara, you and the swamp benders whip up a fog cover.
      Tho: We’ll sneak by that statues just like we sneaked by that fire navy
      blockade.

      (Cut to Katara and the swampbenders jumping into position, spreading their
      hands apart at the same time. Cut to a shot of the boats being rapidly
      covered in fog. Cut to a statue of Azulon, nets can be seen coming out
      from the statue’s sleeves)

      Hakoda: Keep it up, we’re almost through.

      (An alarm sounds. Smoke emits from the dragon statue’s snout and the net
      rises above the fog. The alarm stops. Someone firebends from the dragon’s
      mouth, engulfing the net in flames. The net continues to rise out from the
      water and fire slowly spreads through it. Camera zooms out to show
      Azulon’s statue with a net of fire on both sides of the statue’s arms. Cut
      to Sokka in disbelief. Cut to commercial.)

      Act II

      (Scene: A statue of Azulon with nets of fire on both side of its arms. Cut
      to the boats stopping directly in front of the net. Cut to Aang, Katara,
      Hakoda and Bato who are all in shock. Their heads turn as the sound of
      Fire Nation jet skis pierces the silence. A handful of jet skis are seen
      rushing towards the boats.)

      Hakoda: (ushers the invasion force) Everyone below deck. (The Gang and a
      few Earth Kingdom soldiers are seen rushing to the deck below) Let’s hope
      your invention works.

      (Hakoda looks at his son confidently and both proceed to join the others
      below.

      Cut to a shot from behind the net as the flames are still raging. The jet
      skis are seen stopping beside each boat.

      Switch to a shot of climbing hooks being shot into a boat and Fire Nation
      guards land aboard in a crouching position. They proceed to search the
      entire ship.

      Cut to 3 Fire Nation guards wielding broadswords kicking a door open,
      revealing an empty Water Tribe bedroom.

      Cut to a fire blast blowing a door to pieces as 2 Fire Nation guards enter
      in an offensive position. They maintain their guard as they look around
      the empty room. Footsteps are heard as another guard enters to report the
      situation.)

      Male Fire Nation Guard: No one’s on board, Sir.
      Female Fire Nation Guard: (lowers arms) Where’d they go‌

      (Cut to a shot of 5 submarines slipping by the gates undetected. Appa is
      seen swimming with air bubble over his head.)

      Hakoda: (Cut to a shot of Sokka, Hakoda, Bato and Pipsqueak standing
      behind The Mechanist who is sitting in front of a control panel.) You
      really outdone yourself this time, son.
      Toph: (Cut to Toph who is holding her head down.) Yeah. Congratulations,
      Sokka. (Lifts her head up. There’s a look of discomfort on her face.) You
      managed to invent a worst way of travel than flying.

      (Toph starts to gag.)

      The Duke: (Takes off his helmet and offers it to Toph) Helmet‌

      (Toph accepts and vomits into it.)

      Sokka: Well, I just came up with the idea but The Mechanist did all the
      work.
      The Mechanist: But don’t sell yourself short, my boy. It was your idea
      (Cut to Katara and Hue waterbending with a pulling motion) to use
      waterbending to make the subs sink and float. Brilliant, though your
      original designs were a bit difficult to decipher. (Unrolls a scroll with
      a picture of a whale with people inside drawn in cartoon style.)
      Unfortunately, there is one problem I couldn’t fix. (rolls scroll and
      turns behind.) The subs have a limited air supply. (Cut to a shot of the
      invasion team swimming underwater) Before we land on the beaches, we’ll
      need to resurface.

      (Cut to a shot of Ming entering Iroh’s jail cell, carrying a tray of
      food.)

      Ming: Lunchtime, General Iroh. (whispering) And this time, I brought you
      an extra bowl of rice.
      Iroh: Thank you, Ming. Your little gestures of kindness had made my days
      in prison bearable. (looks concerned) I think you should take the rest of
      the day off.
      Ming: What‌ (looking confused)
      Iroh: You don’t look well. (grabs the bars) Maybe you should go home and
      rest.
      Ming: No, I feel fine.
      Iroh: Trust me. (Cut to a close-up of Iroh looking rather serious) It is
      better that you are not here this afternoon. (Ming nods and complies as
      she reluctantly leaves the room.)

      (Cut to a shot of the submarines above the water. Cut to a shot of The
      Duke scooping water in his helmet, sloshing it around for a while before
      dumping the contents back into the sea. Cut to The Boulder and The Hippo
      doing some stretching and warming up exercises. Aang jumps into screen and
      lands on the submarine as the rest of the gang walk towards him.)

      Aang: So, this is it huh‌
      Sokka: Are you ready for the Fire Nation to know the Avatar’s alive‌
      Aang: I’m ready. (Sokka grasps his arm, wishing him luck. The gang and
      Momo gather around for a group hug.)
      Toph: (Cut to a close-up of Toph smiling.) I hope you kick some serious
      Fire Lord butt, twinkle toes.
      Hakoda: Everyone listen up. (The gang disbands and looks up at Hakoda who
      is addressing the entire invasion force from the submarine’s entrance.)
      The next time we resurface, it’ll be on the beaches. So stay alert and
      fight smart. Now break time’s over, back in the subs. (Toph and Sokka are
      seen walking back while Aang and Katara remain behind. Both stare at each
      other and look away.)

      (Simultaneously)

      Katara: Aang, I.
      Aang: Katara, I.
      Aang: You go first.
      Katara: We’ve been through so many things together and I’ve seen you grow
      up so much. You’re not that little goofy kid (Cut to a shot of Aang
      blushing.) I found in the iceberg anymore. I guess what I’m trying to say
      is, I’m really proud of you.
      Aang: Everything is going to be different after today, isn’t it‌
      Katara: Yes, it is.
      Aang: (uncertain) What if… what if I don’t come back‌
      Katara: Aang, don’t say that. Of course you’ll… (Aang cuts off the
      conversation with a kiss, much to the surprise of Katara. They part and
      Katara blushes as she looks away sadly. Aang opens his glider and flies
      off as Katara watches him go.)
      Sokka: (Cut to Katara looking into the sky and still blushing. The
      entrance to the submarine opens.) Katara, what are you doing‌ It’s time to
      submerge.
      Katara: (snaps out of her dazed mood) What‌ Right, I’m on it.

      (She waterbends herself to Appa and proceeds to bend an air bubble around
      his head. Appa growls and the entire invasion force begins to submerge.

      Cut to a shot inside Mai’s house, with the Fire Nation palace in view
      outside the window. Zuko walks into screen with a cloak. Cut to a picture
      of Mai and Zuko as Zuko stares at it for a moment before looking away.)

      Zuko: I’m sorry, Mai. (He walks towards Mai’s bed and places a scroll on
      the pillow as the camera slowly zooms out.)

      (Cut to a shadow of Aang and his glider sailing through the air on a
      grassy plain. Cut to a shot of Aang looking at his growling stomach before
      maneuvering the handle to release peanuts into his mouth.)

      Aang: What did you know‌ It did come in handy. (Cut back to the shadow of
      him flying. Aang adds more speed and flies towards the Fire Nation
      capital.)

      (Cut to a periscope rising above the water surface. Cut to the view inside
      the periscope as it spots the gate to the Fire Nation capital.)

      Hakoda: Everyone in position. Earthbenders, into your tanks. (Toph and the
      Earth Kingdom soldiers descend a ladder to their positions.) This is going
      to be a rough ride.

      (Cut to a shot of the submarines approaching the gate as an alarm similar
      to the one heard at the Great Gates of Azulon sounds. Harpoons shoot out
      from various battlements into the water as the submarines try to dodge
      them. Harpoons continuously fill the water and Appa narrowly avoids being
      impaled by one. Cut to a shot of Due waterbending the submarine as a
      harpoon pierces through the submarine, filling the ship with water. He
      freezes the water and loses his balance as the harpoon reels the submarine
      in. Cut to a shot of the submarine slowly being pulled out of the water.
      Katara and Appa sees the situation from underwater and begins to ascend.
      Appa growls as he leaves the water and Katara proceeds to cut the harpoon
      with waterbending, allowing the submarine to land safely back into the
      water as it continues on like nothing has ever happened. The submarines
      are seen heading towards some holes in a wall. Cut to Hakoda looking
      through the periscope.)

      Hakoda: Ready the torpedo. (A torpedo encased in ice is seen loaded by 2
      engineers. They lock and seal the canon.)

      Hakoda: Launch!

      (Hue does a waterbending move and torpedos shoot out from the bottom of
      all the submarines, destroying the gratings on the wall. Cut to a shot
      above water as columns of water spray upwards upon impact. Cut to a shot
      of the submarines entering the holes in the wall. Cut to a silhouette of 2
      remaining submarines joining the other 3 in front. Camera pans to reveal
      that they’re near the shore. Cut to the Earth Kingdom soldiers and Water
      Tribe warriors waiting in their tanks. Sokka sighs during the wait. Cut to
      the submarines resurfacing and heading towards the shore while numerous
      projectiles are hurled at the submarines. The submarines land on shore and
      their base retracts, revealing a team of caterpillar tanks. Cut to a shot
      of the tanks advancing towards the capital as projectiles continue to be
      thrown at the submarines. The soldiers and warriors emit battle cries and
      rush out to attack. Cut to commercial break.)

      Act III

      (Scene: The invasion force is making its way to the capital city,
      projectiles are being thrown at them. Cut to Earth Kingdom soldiers moving
      their feet in a pushing motion to move the tanks. Cut to Sokka leading a
      team of Water Tribe warriors. All of them are carrying weapons and
      shields. Cut to a scene inside a battlement as it launches a projectile
      but misses the group. Cut to a truck loaded with rocks making its way
      through the battlefield, releasing 3 rocks which Toph, The Boulder and The
      Hippo use to earthbend towards a battlement, destroying it in the process.

      Appa lands and Katara dismounts. Cut to a group of Fire Nation tanks
      making its way into the battlefield, firebending at their enemies at the
      same time. Cut to a shot of the tanks still advancing towards the capital
      as projectiles continue to be thrown at the submarines. Cut to Teo inside
      a caterpillar tank with a serious expression on his face. 2 Earth Kingdom
      soldiers are seen behind him in a “ready” position. Cut to a caterpillar
      tank crawling up a battlement as the firebenders inside try to destroy the
      tank with firebending to no avail. The tank proceeds to crush the roof of
      the battlement. Another caterpillar tank is seen crushing a Fire Nation
      tank and moving on when the job is done.

      More reinforcements are sent in and they’re seen surrounding the invasion
      force. Cut to swampbenders stopping in their tracks as they spot incoming
      enemy tanks. They bend water from barrels on a truck to shield themselves
      from enemy fire. They proceed to waterbend the sides of the Fire Nation
      tank and it spins uncontrollably, causing it to crash into the sides of
      another Fire Nation tank.)

      Tho: (Bending water in a circular motion.) We’re a man down. Where in
      tarnation is Hue‌

      (Tho and Due unleash their attack and a Fire Nation tank hurtles into the
      water. A shadow is seen moving underwater and it turns out to be the swamp
      monster from The Swamp. It blocks a fire blast with one hand and begins to
      elongate its arms to grab a tank. Fire Nation soldiers are seen leaving
      the tanks at the last minute. Another tank firebends at the swamp monster
      and Fire Nation soldiers escape the tank before it gets crushed by the
      swamp monster’s arm. Cut to a female firebender bending fire from the
      mouth of a tank. She and her companion escape as the swamp monster throws
      the tank aside.)

      Due: (Due and Tho trace the path of the tank being thrown into a
      battlement. The battlement explodes into flames upon impact) Hey Hue,
      (waving) where you been‌
      Hue: (a hole appears in the middle of the swamp monster’s body, revealing
      Hue’s face) Communing with nature. Takes a while to collect these lux
      seaweed. (He spots an incoming attack and quickly covers his face as a
      fire blast narrowly tries to injure him.)

      (Cut to a group of Fire Nation soldiers on komodo rhinos, they begin to
      catapult small projectiles of fire towards Sokka and a group of Water
      Tribe warriors. The projectiles explode harmlessly behind the group as
      they continue to press forward. Cut to the komodo rhinos charging towards
      the group. A komodo rhino disbands from the herd and heads towards Sokka
      as he jumps on a komodo rhino’s horn and slices a Fire Nation’s soldier’s
      spear neatly in half. Sokka kicks the soldier off the komodo rhino as he
      gains control of it.)

      Sokka: Dad, look out!

      (Cut to Hakoda blocking a fire blast with his shield. A Fire Nation
      soldier charges towards him with his spear as Hakoda blocks the attack
      with his shield. The Fire Nation soldier executes a move which relieves
      Hakoda of his shield. Hakoda maneuvers his own spear and relieves the Fire
      Nation soldier of his weapon, leaving Hakoda with 2 spears. He uses his
      weapons to knock down another firebending soldier. He then throws one of
      his spears towards 2 soldiers, knocking them down and jumps onto Sokka’s
      komodo rhino.

      Cut to a projectile destroying the truck loaded with rocks seen earlier.
      The driver is seen comically driving the destroyed truck. Cut to the swamp
      monster destroying 2 Fire Nation tanks in one swipe. A fire blast comes
      into screen and the swamp monster loses an arm. Cut to a group of invasion
      force soldiers beside a caterpillar tank. They retreat when the tank gets
      knocked over by an enemy projectile.)

      Hakoda: (Looking at the above situation.) Sokka, we’ve got to take out
      those battlements. It’s our only chance.
      Sokka: (Looks up at a battlement and narrows his eyebrows) I’ve got an
      idea.

      (Cut to a shot of Sokka hanging off Appa’s horn as it flies through the
      air with Katara on Appa’s head and Hakoda in the saddle. Sokka unleashes
      his sword from its hilt and cuts off a projectile from a battlement.
      Hakoda throws 2 small grenades into another battlement. Cut to Fire Nation
      soldiers opening the door to escape as the battlement explodes a split
      second later. They groan from the impact. Cut to a shot of Katara breaking
      a barrel via waterbending and throwing the water inside a battlement,
      freezing a female soldier inside as she gives a yelp of surprise. Cut to
      Appa landing between 2 battlements.)

      Hakoda: (All 3 dismount) You two take out that battlement. I’ve got this
      one. Watch each other’s backs. (He heads towards his battlement while the
      siblings head towards the other.)

      (Cut to a Sokka’s sword cutting through a metal door with Katara freezing
      the guards inside with waterbending. Sokka climbs the ladder destroys the
      projectile. The battlement is seen exploding as the siblings leave. They
      pause and see their father entering the battlement through the roof with
      his club. Sounds of swords clashing is heard and Hakoda is heard grunting
      in pain as an explosion is seen coming through the window.

      Cut to Katara and Sokka looking shocked. Cut to Hakoda opening the door,
      holding his side and moaning. He staggers a few steps before collapsing.)

      Katara: Dad‌
      Sokka: Dad!

      (They run toward him and check his condition.

      Cut to a portrait of Lady Ursa. Camera zooms out to reveal Zuko kneeling
      in front of her picture.)

      Zuko: I know I made some bad choices. But today, I’m going to set things
      right. (He grabs his broadswords and backpack before looking at his
      Mother’s portrait for one last time. He throws on his cloak and walks
      away.)

      (Cut to Appa landing back on the ground. Hakoda grunts as he is being laid
      on the ground by Sokka. Katara bends water from her pouch and moves her
      hands across Hakoda’s wound, healing it in the process.)

      Katara: How does that feel, Dad‌
      Hakoda: A… a little better. (sits up) I need… to get back… to the troops.
      (moans in agony.)
      Katara: You’re hurt. Badly. You can’t fight anymore.
      Hakoda: Everyone’s counting on me (winces from the pain) to lead this
      mission, Katara. I won’t let them down. (tries to get up before falling
      back to the ground in pain.)
      Sokka: Can’t you heal him any faster‌
      Katara: I’m doing everything I can. (Cut to Sokka looking away before
      closing his eyes to make a decision.)
      Sokka: I’ll do it.
      Katara: No offence Sokka but you’re not exactly Mr. Healing Hands.
      Sokka: No. (stands up) I’ll lead the invasion force.
      Katara: Don’t be crazy, Sokka.
      Sokka: Maybe I am a little crazy but the eclipse is about to start and we
      need to be up that volcano (looks at the volcano) by the time it does.
      Hakoda: (lying on the ground) You can do this. I’m proud of you, son.
      Katara: I still think you’re crazy but I’m proud of you too.

      (Looks at Sokka with an encouraging smile. He puts on his head gear and
      mounts Appa.)

      Sokka: Yip yip.

      (Appa grunts and soars.

      Cut to a scene of damaged Fire Nation vehicles. Most of the Fire Nation
      tanks are encased in ice. The caterpillar tanks are seen leaving the mess
      behind and heading towards the volcano. More projectiles are hurled
      towards the caterpillar tanks. Appa lands and uses his head to knock back
      a Fire Nation tank.)

      Sokka: (raising his voice) Listen up everyone, (Cut to Teo looking at
      Sokka inside the tank) I want the tanks in wedge formation! (his arms open
      up in a V-shape) Warriors and benders in the middle. (Toph and the Earth
      Kingdom soldiers are seen moving into action.) We’re taking that tower
      (points at it) and headed for the royal palace!

      (Cut to the caterpillar tanks moving into said formation. Sokka is right
      in front with Appa.)

      Sokka: (grabs his sword and points toward the enemy) Charge!

      (Appa ascends. Cut to an aerial view of the Fire Nation Capital. Cut to
      Aang opening his glider as he flies into the city. He nears a roof and
      closes his glider. He peeks out from a roof and looks at the empty
      streets.)

      Aang: That’s strange.

      (He leaps off the roof.

      Cut to Aang running towards the palace doors. Cut to the insides of the
      door, the corridor is in darkness. The door opens, filling the corridor
      with light as Aang gets into a defensive position.)

      Aang: The Avatar is back!

      (He looks around, surprised that no one is there to receive him.)

      Aang: Hello‌ (looks around and walks slowly towards the inner palace
      doors) Anyone home‌

      (Cut to a lone Fire Nation soldier trying to fight the advancing
      caterpillar tanks. He slowly retreats as they climb up the stairs towards
      the capital. Cut to 2 Fire Nation soldiers doing their best to firebend at
      a caterpillar tank. They retreat when no damage is done. Cut to an
      overhead shot as a mini-truck and 2 caterpillar tanks press forward.

      Cut to Sokka jumping off the mini-truck. The camera slowly trails behind
      as the truck loaded with barrels of explosives collides into a wall,
      exploding upon impact. Camera zooms out to view that the defense wall is
      covered in smoke. The smoke clears and the invasion force are seen
      charging into the capital. Fire Nation guards and tanks retreat while 3 of
      the Fire Nation soldiers at the front send 3 continuous blasts towards the
      group. The shields of the invasion force block the fire blasts.)

      Tyro: (The invasion force is seen making their way in.) The Fire Nation is
      falling back!

      (Appa lands behind Bato)

      Bato: Sokka, we’re on our way to victory.

      (Sokka looks at the volcano.

      Cut to Aang airbending a Fire Nation drapery out of the way and getting
      into a defensive stance as he enters a room. His face is filled with
      disbelief. Camera pans out to reveal an empty and dark throne room. Camera
      zooms in onto the empty throne. Cut to Aang’s shocked face.)

      Aang: No… (drops glider and kneels on the floor in shock.) No, no, (shakes
      head) NO! Fire Lord Ozai (raises voice in anger), where are you‌! (His
      voice reverberates slightly throughout the empty throne room. Camera zooms
      out to show the empty throne room again. Fade to white.)

      [End Credits]
</pre></td>
      <td><pre class="script">
第十回
黑日反攻 上部
入侵

29
00:01:37,358 --&gt; 00:01:40,457
-早上好啊，模模    -看来你昨晚睡得很香啊

30
00:01:40,458 --&gt; 00:01:43,791
睡得跟头幼年麋狮一样沉
俺已经准备面对烈火王了

31
00:01:44,185 --&gt; 00:01:46,361
那你打算怎么撂倒他？

32
00:01:46,362 --&gt; 00:01:49,773
让自己发光，然后使出一招
神通形态必杀技搞定他？

33
00:01:49,956 --&gt; 00:01:52,519
我不能进入神通形态了
当阿祖拉用那招闪电击中我后

34
00:01:52,520 --&gt; 00:01:54,499
我的第七个脉轮被封住了

35
00:01:54,500 --&gt; 00:01:57,982
我与宇宙能量之间的联系被切断了

36
00:01:58,375 --&gt; 00:01:59,678
鬼知道你刚才讲的是什么？

37
00:01:59,679 --&gt; 00:02:03,593
什么....超自然...
什么宇宙空间的...都是嘛玩艺啊

38
00:02:04,700 --&gt; 00:02:08,643
噢，不好，索卡，那场大雾不会
耽误咱们的侵入行动吧

39
00:02:10,019 --&gt; 00:02:12,967
哪会啊，那正是侵入的一部分

40
00:02:23,476 --&gt; 00:02:24,930
老爸，你终于来了

41
00:02:24,931 --&gt; 00:02:27,546
你把我跟您说过的所有人都找来了吗？

42
00:02:27,622 --&gt; 00:02:30,579
没错，不过我有一点担心，索卡

43
00:02:30,580 --&gt; 00:02:33,457
这些人并不都是将士之才

44
00:02:35,420 --&gt; 00:02:37,670
这儿一点沼泽样都没有

45
00:02:37,876 --&gt; 00:02:39,662
看看这是嘛？

46
00:02:39,663 --&gt; 00:02:42,744
没准是火宗人设下的吃人陷阱

47
00:02:42,745 --&gt; 00:02:44,872
颩，不过是块石头罢了

48
00:02:44,873 --&gt; 00:02:46,862
哦，是我少见多怪了

49
00:02:46,901 --&gt; 00:02:50,722
你们是不是也觉得那几个
头上戴树叶的伙计脑筋有点问题

50
00:02:50,723 --&gt; 00:02:53,119
我只希望他们把裤子穿上

51
00:02:53,771 --&gt; 00:02:58,205
裤子和死亡一样，不过是幻想而已

52
00:03:00,116 --&gt; 00:03:01,410
嗨，卡塔拉

53
00:03:03,329 --&gt; 00:03:05,532
阿鲁，能见到你真是太好了

54
00:03:05,860 --&gt; 00:03:09,669
拓芙，这是阿鲁，我们初次见面时
他的村镇还在受火宗欺压

55
00:03:09,670 --&gt; 00:03:11,260
他不得已隐藏起自己的御土术

56
00:03:11,261 --&gt; 00:03:14,626
卡塔拉激励了我和父亲
我们奋起抗击夺回了我们的家园

57
00:03:14,670 --&gt; 00:03:20,008
卡塔拉，你让我们找回了勇气
现在就让我们助你们一臂之力吧

58
00:03:21,687 --&gt; 00:03:23,921
不是吧，该不是...

59
00:03:24,219 --&gt; 00:03:29,423
-河马能见到盲匪真是太高兴了   -你们不是又来找我挑战的吧？

60
00:03:29,424 --&gt; 00:03:36,086
咋会呢，大快石和河马
再不为取悦他人而打拳了

61
00:03:36,121 --&gt; 00:03:39,269
我们现在要为土强国而战

62
00:03:39,867 --&gt; 00:03:41,160
太好了

63
00:03:54,793 --&gt; 00:03:56,193
那是新发明吗？

64
00:03:56,194 --&gt; 00:04:00,951
没错，不过实验证明花生酱

65
00:04:00,952 --&gt; 00:04:03,859
燃烧能力并不能达到要求

66
00:04:03,894 --&gt; 00:04:05,888
你们正在研制花生酱炸弹？

67
00:04:06,022 --&gt; 00:04:09,106
-他们极具破坏性     -还挺好吃的

68
00:04:11,365 --&gt; 00:04:13,931
完成我发给你们的计划了吗？

69
00:04:14,043 --&gt; 00:04:18,833
完成了，一定会让火宗人大吃一惊的

70
00:04:18,834 --&gt; 00:04:21,554
安昂，老爸和我做了这个给你

71
00:04:24,950 --&gt; 00:04:27,714
一副新滑翼，真是太棒了

72
00:04:27,715 --&gt; 00:04:32,078
我还特别添加了一个零食小机关

73
00:04:34,147 --&gt; 00:04:36,800
我想那个肯定会派上用场的

74
00:04:39,018 --&gt; 00:04:41,989
老头，你肯定已经厌倦这个牢房了吧

75
00:04:42,309 --&gt; 00:04:47,374
不过太遭了，你永远也不能踏出这座牢笼了

76
00:04:47,638 --&gt; 00:04:48,899
早餐到了

77
00:04:49,152 --&gt; 00:04:54,225
小心，茗，别靠的太近
他的臭气一定会熏倒你的

78
00:04:56,598 --&gt; 00:05:00,768
听说您喜欢品尝稀有的茶叶
所以我弄了点白玉茶过来

79
00:05:01,622 --&gt; 00:05:08,344
太感谢了，茗，自从我被关在这里
你一直十分关照我

80
00:05:14,246 --&gt; 00:05:17,234
别担心，你能行的

81
00:05:19,917 --&gt; 00:05:21,303
大家早上好

82
00:05:26,582 --&gt; 00:05:30,258
大家都知道吧，今天我们要侵入烈火国

83
00:05:30,259 --&gt; 00:05:34,039
看我这话说的，要是大家不知道
又怎么会到这儿来呢？

84
00:05:34,427 --&gt; 00:05:35,725
不管怎么说

85
00:05:38,197 --&gt; 00:05:39,726
烈火王的皇宫在这儿

86
00:05:39,727 --&gt; 00:05:42,925
呃，不，呃，等等，呃，等等，在这儿

87
00:05:42,926 --&gt; 00:05:46,187
今天将会有日食发生，安昂将与烈火王决一胜负

88
00:05:46,188 --&gt; 00:05:48,780
火宗人将无抵抗之力

89
00:05:48,781 --&gt; 00:05:50,416
对我们来说真是天赐的良机

90
00:05:51,798 --&gt; 00:05:54,260
很抱歉，就让我从头讲起吧

91
00:05:55,141 --&gt; 00:05:56,960
卡塔拉和我在冰冻的冰川中发现了安昂

92
00:05:56,961 --&gt; 00:05:59,042
起初我并不喜欢他，不过一番经历之后
我逐渐爱上了这个家伙

93
00:05:59,077 --&gt; 00:06:01,124
之后我们去了安昂曾经生活过的南气和寺

94
00:06:01,159 --&gt; 00:06:03,052
再之后我们遇见了虚子武士苏琪

95
00:06:03,200 --&gt; 00:06:06,836
穿上她们的战服让我看起来，象个姑娘，之后她亲了我一口

96
00:06:06,837 --&gt; 00:06:09,128
安昂的朋友是个疯老头
卡塔拉害得阿鲁被抓了，现在他都长胡子了

97
00:06:09,129 --&gt; 00:06:10,770
他就坐在前排，不信你们自己看

98
00:06:10,771 --&gt; 00:06:13,781
多谢，索卡，挺好的，不如你去休息一下吧

99
00:06:14,512 --&gt; 00:06:17,765
我只想跟大家说几点内容

100
00:06:17,766 --&gt; 00:06:20,400
今天将会有日食发生

101
00:06:20,401 --&gt; 00:06:24,623
我十分敬佩大家的勇气和牺牲精神

102
00:06:24,882 --&gt; 00:06:29,553
这次侵入将分为海战和陆战两步进行

103
00:06:30,057 --&gt; 00:06:32,670
阿祖龙大门将是第一道障碍

104
00:06:32,671 --&gt; 00:06:36,198
只有顺利通过了它

105
00:06:36,487 --&gt; 00:06:38,705
才能顺利进入烈火国的都城

106
00:06:38,706 --&gt; 00:06:41,481
接下来开始陆战，我们要奋力一击

107
00:06:41,482 --&gt; 00:06:45,115
我们必须通过两旁密布碉堡的甬道
并安全占领钟楼广场

108
00:06:45,420 --&gt; 00:06:48,111
我们一旦占领了那里，下一步就是进攻皇宫了

109
00:06:48,112 --&gt; 00:06:55,075
-那时日食即将开始     -抱歉，大块石有点疑惑

110
00:06:55,076 --&gt; 00:06:58,691
咱们是选择在日食进行时侵入的，对吧

111
00:06:58,726 --&gt; 00:07:01,483
是因为那时火宗人抵抗力会减弱的缘故吗？

112
00:07:01,484 --&gt; 00:07:05,358
日食仅仅会持续八分钟，要实行整个
侵入计划时间未免有些紧张

113
00:07:05,359 --&gt; 00:07:08,400
还有，皇宫里必定有重兵把守

114
00:07:08,401 --&gt; 00:07:11,509
正因如此，我们才需要尽可能的利用
日食给我们带来的优势

115
00:07:11,510 --&gt; 00:07:16,347
在日食结束之后，神通将战败烈火王

116
00:07:16,348 --&gt; 00:07:22,809
我们将控制整个烈火国都城
并让这场战争彻底结束

117
00:08:25,355 --&gt; 00:08:28,719
我们到处找你，船已经准备出发了

118
00:08:28,720 --&gt; 00:08:31,559
-我搞砸了，安昂。  -你说啥？

119
00:08:31,560 --&gt; 00:08:36,296
陈述侵入计划本应我一展所长的时刻
没想到我却让我给搞砸了

120
00:08:36,418 --&gt; 00:08:38,904
我当时脑袋一片空白

121
00:08:39,297 --&gt; 00:08:43,572
那演说并不能说明什么
只不过就是个公开讲话而已

122
00:08:43,573 --&gt; 00:08:45,560
大家都不擅长那个

123
00:08:45,561 --&gt; 00:08:49,823
我老爸就很在行
他完美的解释的计划，使得军心大振

124
00:08:49,824 --&gt; 00:08:51,579
那才是真正领袖的风范

125
00:08:52,213 --&gt; 00:08:55,327
站在地图前面白话并不能完全展现你的才华

126
00:08:55,328 --&gt; 00:08:57,973
战场才是你建功立业的地方

127
00:08:57,974 --&gt; 00:09:01,816
好像做什么事你都非常自信
你怎么确信我们一定会赢呢？

128
00:09:01,817 --&gt; 00:09:04,815
因为在永固城我已经让天下人失望了

129
00:09:04,850 --&gt; 00:09:08,351
同样的错误我不会犯第二次

130
00:09:13,447 --&gt; 00:09:18,065
-到了，这就是阿祖龙大门。  -哪有什么门啊？

131
00:09:18,694 --&gt; 00:09:21,811
卡塔拉，拜托你和沼泽来的朋友
制造点雾气打个掩护

132
00:09:21,812 --&gt; 00:09:26,825
咱们用通过火宗海军封锁线的方法
悄悄地从塑像边上溜过去

133
00:10:12,221 --&gt; 00:10:14,253
大家都躲进船舱里

134
00:10:15,409 --&gt; 00:10:18,152
希望你的发明能够惯用

135
00:10:42,662 --&gt; 00:10:45,924
长官，甲板上都没有人    -人都哪去了？

136
00:10:57,343 --&gt; 00:10:59,696
儿子，这回你干得真漂亮

137
00:10:59,697 --&gt; 00:11:03,813
是啊，祝贺你啊，索卡，你费尽巴力的发明了

138
00:11:03,814 --&gt; 00:11:06,549
一个比飞行更烂的旅行方式

139
00:11:06,550 --&gt; 00:11:07,998
要头盔吗？

140
00:11:08,527 --&gt; 00:11:11,680
我只是提供了一个想法
其他的活都是机械师干的

141
00:11:11,681 --&gt; 00:11:13,989
孩子，不用过分谦虚嘛

142
00:11:13,990 --&gt; 00:11:19,715
是你提出了用御水术
来控制潜艇沉浮的理念

143
00:11:19,716 --&gt; 00:11:25,972
想法很聪明，只不过你的原创
设计草图有点难以解读

144
00:11:25,973 --&gt; 00:11:29,524
唯一的缺憾是有个技术问题我未能解决

145
00:11:29,525 --&gt; 00:11:32,491
这些潜艇的空气供应十分有限

146
00:11:32,492 --&gt; 00:11:36,453
在我们抵达海岸之前必须浮出水面换一次气

147
00:11:38,527 --&gt; 00:11:40,804
艾洛将军，该吃午饭了

148
00:11:41,445 --&gt; 00:11:44,415
这回我给您多带了一碗米饭

149
00:11:44,416 --&gt; 00:11:45,416
谢谢你，茗

150
00:11:46,480 --&gt; 00:11:52,257
多亏了你的关照，让我的牢狱
生活变得不那么难熬了

151
00:11:52,799 --&gt; 00:11:56,235
你下午最好休息一下吧

152
00:11:56,597 --&gt; 00:11:59,656
-您说什么？  -你看起来气色不太好

153
00:11:59,657 --&gt; 00:12:02,797
也许应该回家休息一下

154
00:12:03,142 --&gt; 00:12:04,698
不，我很好啊

155
00:12:04,699 --&gt; 00:12:10,521
听我的，今天下午最好你不要在这儿

156
00:12:26,356 --&gt; 00:12:28,793
呃，到了关键时刻啊

157
00:12:28,794 --&gt; 00:12:32,406
准备好让火宗人重新见识你的神威了吗？

158
00:12:32,407 --&gt; 00:12:34,251
准备好了

159
00:12:37,801 --&gt; 00:12:41,490
亮脚趾，替我好好收拾烈火王

160
00:12:41,525 --&gt; 00:12:46,474
大家听好了，下次浮出水面之时将是开战之际

161
00:12:46,475 --&gt; 00:12:48,651
大家一定要保持警惕，机智应战

162
00:12:48,686 --&gt; 00:12:51,112
休息时间到此结束，回到潜艇上去吧

163
00:12:57,585 --&gt; 00:12:59,474
-安昂    -卡塔拉，我...

164
00:12:59,960 --&gt; 00:13:01,445
你先说

165
00:13:02,091 --&gt; 00:13:04,856
我们一同经历了千难万险

166
00:13:04,891 --&gt; 00:13:07,509
我亲眼见证了你的成长

167
00:13:07,544 --&gt; 00:13:10,910
你再也不是我在冰川里找到的那个蠢小孩了

168
00:13:11,218 --&gt; 00:13:15,138
我此刻想说的是，我真的以你为傲

169
00:13:16,533 --&gt; 00:13:20,828
-今日之后一切都将大不同了，对吧     -是的，没错

170
00:13:21,652 --&gt; 00:13:28,314
-如果我回不来的话    -安昂，别乱说，你一定....

171
00:13:40,120 --&gt; 00:13:42,850
卡塔拉，傻站在那儿干嘛呢，该下潜了

172
00:13:42,851 --&gt; 00:13:45,701
啥？好的，这就来

173
00:14:04,703 --&gt; 00:14:07,236
对不起，梅

174
00:14:23,174 --&gt; 00:14:25,978
您别说，这设计还针对的起我这张嘴

175
00:14:36,412 --&gt; 00:14:37,616
各就各位

176
00:14:37,617 --&gt; 00:14:41,668
御土师们，进入坦克中准备吧
咱们有一场恶战要打

177
00:15:29,228 --&gt; 00:15:30,950
水雷准备

178
00:15:34,462 --&gt; 00:15:35,801
发射！

179
00:17:30,601 --&gt; 00:17:36,774
咱们好像少了个人
“休”那小子跑哪去了？

180
00:17:52,267 --&gt; 00:17:54,975
嘿，我说你，死那去了？

181
00:17:56,454 --&gt; 00:18:01,831
和自然进行了点交流
费了半天劲才讨来了这些海草

182
00:18:18,584 --&gt; 00:18:20,112
老爸，小心

183
00:18:46,018 --&gt; 00:18:49,478
索卡，咱们必须拿掉那些碉堡
要不然军队寸步难行

184
00:18:49,479 --&gt; 00:18:51,376
我有个主意

185
00:19:14,590 --&gt; 00:19:19,316
你俩去干掉那个碉堡，这个交给我来收拾
互相照应着点，小心偷袭

186
00:19:46,893 --&gt; 00:19:49,083
-老爸？  -老爸！

187
00:19:55,370 --&gt; 00:19:58,376
我之前做出了错误的决定

188
00:19:58,377 --&gt; 00:20:02,026
今天我要拨乱反正

189
00:20:23,551 --&gt; 00:20:25,379
老爸，你感觉咋样？

190
00:20:25,380 --&gt; 00:20:30,103
好多了，我得重返军中作战

191
00:20:31,247 --&gt; 00:20:35,004
你的伤不轻啊，不能继续作战了

192
00:20:35,005 --&gt; 00:20:38,288
卡塔拉，大家都指望着我指挥这次任务呢

193
00:20:38,359 --&gt; 00:20:40,739
我不能让他们失望

194
00:20:42,575 --&gt; 00:20:47,439
-你不能快点治愈他吗？  -我已经竭尽全力了

195
00:20:50,236 --&gt; 00:20:51,404
就交给我吧

196
00:20:51,405 --&gt; 00:20:55,470
无疑冒犯，索卡，不过你可不是当医师的料

197
00:20:55,471 --&gt; 00:21:00,005
-我是说入侵军交给我来统领吧    -别疯了，索卡

198
00:21:00,006 --&gt; 00:21:03,214
我可能有点疯狂，不过日食马上就要开始了

199
00:21:03,215 --&gt; 00:21:05,938
我们得在它开始之前到达火山

200
00:21:05,939 --&gt; 00:21:08,046
你能行的

201
00:21:08,047 --&gt; 00:21:10,174
儿子，我以你为傲

202
00:21:12,235 --&gt; 00:21:15,994
我还是觉得你有点发疯，不过我也以你为傲

203
00:21:37,924 --&gt; 00:21:41,813
大家听好了，所有的坦克现在以楔形前行

204
00:21:41,814 --&gt; 00:21:44,190
武士和御术师站在中间

205
00:21:44,191 --&gt; 00:21:48,006
咱们这就去拿下高塔，直奔皇宫

206
00:21:55,462 --&gt; 00:21:57,379
杀啊！

207
00:22:14,034 --&gt; 00:22:16,121
好奇怪啊

208
00:22:24,021 --&gt; 00:22:25,928
我降世神通又回来啦！

209
00:22:31,051 --&gt; 00:22:32,249
有人吗？

210
00:22:32,910 --&gt; 00:22:34,382
有人在吗？

211
00:23:04,709 --&gt; 00:23:07,711
火宗人正在撤退

212
00:23:09,465 --&gt; 00:23:13,369
索卡，咱们现在真是势如破竹啊

213
00:23:28,287 --&gt; 00:23:29,620
不好

214
00:23:31,460 --&gt; 00:23:34,269
天哪，天哪，天哪！

215
00:23:35,386 --&gt; 00:23:39,369
烈火王欧宰，你在哪儿呢？

216
00:23:39,369 --&gt; 00:23:41,412
-=未完待续=-
翻译/校译：Tucity http://blog.sina.com.cn/tucity
时间轴：花与虫 http://bugsandflowers.blogspot.com
本字幕仅为个人学习之用，请勿用作商业用途

1
00:00:01,638 --&gt; 00:00:03,735
水善国

2
00:00:04,238 --&gt; 00:00:05,636
土强国

3
00:00:06,052 --&gt; 00:00:07,739
火烈国

4
00:00:08,135 --&gt; 00:00:09,207
气和国

5
00:00:10,600 --&gt; 00:00:14,044
很久以前，这四大国和谐共处

6
00:00:14,527 --&gt; 00:00:18,532
然而，烈火国发起的战争结束了和平

7
00:00:18,955 --&gt; 00:00:22,749
只有同时掌握四种元素的降世神通才能结束战争

8
00:00:22,750 --&gt; 00:00:26,056
然而在大家最需要他的时候，他却消失了

9
00:00:26,432 --&gt; 00:00:29,824
100年后，我和哥哥发现了转世的降世神通

10
00:00:30,198 --&gt; 00:00:32,066
他是个御气师，名叫“安昂”

11
00:00:32,101 --&gt; 00:00:34,474
尽管他的御气术着实了得

12
00:00:34,509 --&gt; 00:00:37,135
在拯救苍生之前，他要学的还有很多

13
00:00:38,134 --&gt; 00:00:41,127
但是我坚信 安昂能拯救这个世界

14
00:00:41,429 --&gt; 00:00:45,245
-=降世神通=-
最后的气宗
本集英语字幕参考了 www.avataspirit.net 的动画脚本
翻译/校译：Tucity http://blog.sina.com.cn/tucity
时间轴：花与虫 http://bugsandflowers.blogspot.com
本字幕仅为个人学习之用，请勿用作商业用途

15
00:01:17,000 --&gt; 00:01:21,771
第三卷
火
</pre></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
