# S03E03 - The Painted Lady

**Languages:** English / 中文

=== "English"

    <div class="script">
          The Painted Lady

      Written By: Josh Hamilton
      Directed By: Ethan Spaulding
      Storyboard: Oreste Canestrelli, Miyuki Hoshikawa, Dean Kelly, Tomihiro
      Yamaguchi, Ethan Spaulding
      Animation By: Moi Animation
      Transcribers: Avatar_Mom, dragonofthewest

      [Introduction Sequence]

      [“Previously on Avatar” sequence includes clips from The Awakening and The
      Headband]

      Act I

      (The episode opens with Appa, the kids in his saddle, slogging his way
      down the course of a sludge-infested river somewhere in the Fire Nation.
      Aang and Momo are frolicking in the putrescent water.)

      Aang: (playing hide-and-go-seek) Momo! (He ducks underwater before Momo
      sees him, resurfacing nearby.) Oh Momo! (He ducks again, surfaces again,
      and the lemur finally spots him.) Ah! Ha ha, you found me, buddy. (It
      seems to finally dawn on Aang that he is swimming in toxic filth. He
      airbends himself up into the saddle.) Hey guys, I think this river’s
      polluted.

      (He bends the residual goop off himself, sliming the rest of the gang in
      the process. Another blast of air and everyone’s clean.)

      Sokka: (fishing pole in hand) Well, that explains why I can’t catch a fish
      around here. Because normally my fishing skills are…off the hook! Get it‌!
      Like a fishing hook‌

      (The sound of chirping crickets is actually audible…or maybe that’s
      birdsong. Either way, the joke is a flop.)

      Toph: Too bad your skills aren’t on the hook.

      (Toph’s sally is more successful; the kids laugh, except Sokka, who
      scowls.)

      Katara: It looks like we’ll need to go somewhere else to get food. (A long
      scroll of paper unrolls in front of her.) Assuming that’ll fit into
      Sokka’s master schedule.

      (The camera pans outward to reveal the end of the scroll in Sokka’s hands.
      He is studying it intently.)

      Sokka: Hm…it’s doable. But that means only two potty breaks today!
      Aang: Hey, maybe we can get food there.

      (He points to the little village of Jang Hui, just visible down river.

      Cut to a secluded spot in the nearby uplands, where Aang is covering Appa
      with a blanket of turf. Momo is already similarly concealed.)

      Aang: Now you look just like a little hill with horns. Bye buddy!

      (Appa grumbles. The kids head out.

      Cut to a shot of the kids standing on the cliffs that overlook the river,
      surveying the scene.)

      Toph: I don’t feel anything. Where is this village‌
      Sokka: It’s in the middle of the river!
      Dock: Sure is! (Pan down to reveal the village eccentric in his boat.) My
      name’s Dock. Mind if I ask who you are‌
      Katara: We’re, um, from the Earth Kingdom colonies.
      Dock: Wow…colonials! Hop on; I’ll give you a ride into town.

      (They hop, and Dock proceeds towards the village.)

      Katara: Why do you guys live on the river‌
      Dock: Because we’re a fishing town. At least that’s how it was before the
      factory moved in. (Cut to a shot of the ominous-looking Fire Army
      munitions factory, visible through a gap in the cliffs.) Army makes their
      metal there. Moved in a few years ago and started gunking up our river.
      Now our little village is struggling to survive.

      (They arrive in town and Aang waves goodbye as the kids head out to
      explore.)

      Aang: Thanks for the ride!

      (A montage of village life, which is stricken with poverty and enforced
      idleness.)

      Katara: Look at this place. It’s so sad. We have to do something to help.
      Sokka: No, we can’t waste our time here! We have a bigger mission that we
      need to stay focused on. These people are on their own!
      Katara: These people are starving, but you turn your back on them‌! How
      can you be so cold and heartless‌
      Sokka: I’m not turning my back, I’m just being realistic! We can’t go
      around helping every rinky-dink town we wander into. We’ll be helping them
      all by taking out the Fire Lord!
      Toph: (slapping her hand over Sokka’s mouth) Hey, loudmouth! Maybe we
      should be a little quieter when we talk about taking out the Fire Lord.
      Sokka: (a little quieter) Come on, Katara, be reasonable about this. You
      know our mission has to come first.
      Katara: (relunctantly) I guess so.
      Aang: Let’s just get what we need and go.

      (They approach the counter of an outdoor market stall, staffed, to all
      appearances, by the same aged fisherman who gave them a lift into town.)

      Sokka: Hey, Dock. You work here too‌
      Dock: I’m not Dock, I’m Xu. Dock’s my brother.

      (The kids are baffled.)

      Aang: But we just saw you. You’re even wearing the same clothes. The only
      difference is your hat.
      Dock: Dock works on the docks, that’s why they call him “Dock”, and I work
      in the shop, that’s why they call me “Xu”.
      Aang: I don’t get it.
      Dock: Me neither. (He pulls out a crate filled with rancid grey seafood.)
      What can I getcha‌ Hey, I’ll give you a special deal. If you buy three
      fish, I’ll throw in a clam for free.

      (The kids are revolted by the foul haul…but they do need to eat.)

      Sokka: We’ll just take the fish. Mind telling your brother we need a ride
      back to shore‌

      (Dock ducks beneath the counter; when he reappears, he is wearing his
      original headgear.)

      Dock: Hey, colonials. My brother says you need a lift.

      (As they turn away to follow him, an urchin runs up to Katara.)

      Boy: Can you spare some food‌
      Katara: (sadly, giving him a fish) I wish I could spare more.

      (The boy runs away and she watches him give the fish to a sick woman,
      presumably his mother.

      Cut to the kids’ campsite back up on the cliffs. While the benders of the
      group bend the pollution out of their cooking water, Sokka ponders his
      schedule.)

      Sokka: Our detour into town today has completely thrown off our schedule.
      It’s gonna take some serious finagling to get us back on track.
      Toph: (sarcastically) Finagle away, O schedule master.
      Sokka: Well, for starters, it looks like we’ll need to wake up forty-three
      minutes earlier every day.
      Katara: Forty-three minutes‌
      Sokka: Look, we only have a few weeks to get to the Fire Lord in time for
      the invasion and the eclipse – which, by the way, only lasts for eight
      minutes. And we just lost a whole day. So if we want to make up the time
      and stay on schedule, we have to wake up early!
      Toph: Well, I’m not waking up early.
      Sokka: Or we could just cut out all of our eating breaks.
      Aang: What‌
      Katara: No way.
      Toph: Forget it.
      Sokka: I got it, how’s this‌ From now on, we’ll take food breaks and potty
      breaks at the same time.
      Gang: Ew.
      Sokka: Hey, it might be gross, but it’s efficient. Either way, we have to
      leave here first thing tomorrow morning.

      (Close-up of Katara’s face – she can’t get the villagers’ plight out of
      her mind.

      Cut to the campsite, the following morning. Appa is lying on his side,
      groaning, while Katara ministers to him.)

      Aang: What’s the matter, Katara‌
      Katara: I think Appa’s sick.
      Sokka: What, Appa’s sick‌ That’s awful!
      Toph: Wow, Sokka, I didn’t realize you cared so much.
      Sokka: Of course I care. I might as well just throw our schedule away now.
      (The rest of the gang gives him the evil eye and he quickly changes his
      tune, rushing solicitously to Appa’s side.) And I’m concerned because my
      big, furry friend doesn’t feel well.
      Toph: He must have gotten sick from being in the polluted water.
      Aang: He doesn’t look sick. You okay, buddy‌ (He pulls Appa’s tongue out.)
      His tongue is purple! That can’t be good. Katara, can you heal him‌
      Katara: It looks like he needs some medicine. Maybe we can find the right
      herbs in town.

      (Cut to the village, which has experienced a renascence over night,
      bustling and prosperous.)

      Toph: Is it just me, or does this place seem different‌
      Aang: Yeah, are the people…happier‌

      (The urchin from the previous day runs by, bouncing a ball, and Katara
      smiles to herself. The kids walk up to Dock’s market stall, where, by his
      hat, he is currently inhabiting his “Xu” persona.)

      Sokka: Hey, Xu, what’s going on with everyone today‌
      Dock: Ah, something amazing happened last night. Food was delivered to our
      village by a mysterious and wonderful person…the Painted Lady.
      Katara: The Painted who now‌
      Dock: The Painted Lady. (He plunks a statuette of the Lady down on the
      counter: she is a heavily draped damsel with elaborate eponymous face
      make-up and capped with a wide-brimmed conical hat.) She’s part of our
      town’s lore. They say she’s a river spirit who watches over our town in
      times of need. I always thought she was just a legend. Until now.
      Sokka: See, we don’t need to help these people, they already have someone
      to help them. All we need is medicine for our sick friend.
      Dock: Medicine‌ Sorry, all the medicine we have goes to the factory.
      That’s why there’s so many sick people in our village.
      Katara: Looks like we need to stay another night so Appa can rest.
      Sokka: (exasperated) I guess you’re right. You got any more food to sell‌
      Dock: (a piscine monstrosity in each hand) Would you like the one-headed
      fish, or the two-headed fish‌
      Sokka: (mulling it over briefly) Two-headed! (The kids are revolted.)
      What‌ You get more for your money that way.

      (Cut to the village, late that night. A mysterious figure, resembling
      Dock’s Painted Lady statuette, glides over the water on a carpet of fog
      and enters the village. She steps into a dwelling, presumably an
      infirmary, where several people are sleeping on the floor, and bends over
      each of them in turn, Healing them. Her last patient is the mother of the
      urchin seen earlier, her son sleeping at her side. He wakes as the Painted
      Lady turns to go and silently follows her out the door.)

      Boy: Thank you, Painted Lady.

      (She stops, startled, acknowledges him with a nod, and glides away into
      the night.)

      Act II

      (The village, the next day. Dock is polishing his Lady figurine with a rag
      as Sokka steps up to the counter.)

      Sokka: Hi, Dock. Is Xu around‌
      Dock: Let me check…(He runs around the shop and ducks beneath the counter
      to switch hats.) Hey there! Back again, are ya‌
      Toph: We need more food. Our friend is still sick and we can’t leave until
      he’s better.

      (Dock obligingly presents them with a platter of noxious clams.)

      Dock: Oh, well, that’s too bad. Maybe if you guys are lucky, the Painted
      Lady will visit you in the night, and heal your friend.
      Sokka: (the eternal skeptic) And maybe she’ll cook us a midnight snack,
      and we’ll all have a sing-along.
      Dock: (oblivious to sarcasm) Yeah, may be! You know, last night she
      visited us again. Healed most of our sick folks.
      Aang: Is that why this place seems so festive‌

      (We see the villagers erecting a large statue of the Lady in the town
      square, to cheers and applause.)

      Dock: Yep, it’s all because of the Painted Lady.
      Katara: Can you believe how much an entire village can be affected by one
      lady‌ I mean…spirit‌
      Sokka: Well, I hope she returns every night. Otherwise this place would go
      right back to the way it was.
      Katara: (indignantly) Why would you say that‌ Look how much better off
      these people are.
      Sokka: Yeah, now, but without her they wouldn’t be able to fend for
      themselves. If she really wanted to help, she would use her spirit magic
      to blow up that factory. (He makes gestures to indicate explosive spirit
      magic.) Oooooo….pow.
      Aang: Spirit magic doesn’t work that way, Sokka. It’s more like…(He does
      an elaborate dance to one-up Sokka) Woooooo….

      (Katara stalks off angrily as the boys ham it up together.)

      Aang and Sokka: Wooooooo…..

      (Cut to the campsite, that night. Katara slips out of her sleeping bag and
      stuffs dried grass into it to disguise her absence. She dons a makeshift
      Painted Lady costume, wrapping a ragged gown around her, painting her face
      in a bended ice mirror and finishing off with a wide conical hat similar
      to the Lady’s, but with a diaphanous white veil covering her face. She
      glides away toward the village, but not quietly enough: she wakes Momo,
      and he wakes Aang.)

      Aang: What’s the matter, buddy‌ (He spots Katara just as she is slipping
      out of sight.) It’s her! (He runs after her.) Hello, Painted Lady spirit!
      (Katara, shocked, begins running away, but she is only barely able to keep
      ahead of a determined airbender.) Excuse me, I don’t mean to bother you,
      but my friend’s sick and we’re on kind of a tight schedule. Wait, but I’m
      the great bridge between your world and mine. I know Hei Bai, we’re close
      personal friends. (He chases her across the landscape, over the river and
      into the village. Running along a rooftop, he shouts to her…) Heeeyy!!
      (…but, distracted by the vocalization, he runs into a roofpole. Katara
      continues on through the village, across the river and onto the opposite
      riverbank. She stops to catch her breath, turns around…and there’s Aang.)

      Aang: My name’s Aang. I’m the Avatar.
      Katara: (in a ridiculous fake voice, and attempting to hide her face)
      Well, hello, Avatar. I wish I could talk, but I am very busy.
      Aang: Yeah, me too. I hate that. (He takes a peek under her hat brim.) You
      know, you’re really pretty for a spirit. I don’t get to meet too many
      spirits, but the ones I do meet…not very attractive.
      Katara: (chuckling nervously) Thank you, but…
      Aang: (suspiciously) You seem familiar, too.
      Katara: A lot of people say that.
      Aang: No…you really seem familiar.
      Katara: Look, I really should get going…

      (She turns to leave, but Aang sends her hat flying with a blast of
      airbending. She frantically pulls it back onto her head but…)

      Aang: Katara‌!
      Katara: (defeated) Hi, Aang.
      Aang: You’re the Painted Lady‌! But how‌
      Katara: I wasn’t at first, I was just trying to help the village. But
      since everyone thought that’s who I was anyway…I guess I just kind of
      became her.
      Aang: So you’ve been sneaking out at night‌ Wait…is Appa even sick‌
      Katara: He…might be sick of the purple berries I’ve been feeding him, but,
      other than that, he’s fine.
      Aang: I can’t believe you lied to everyone so you could help these people.

      Katara: I’m sorry, I know I shouldn’t have.
      Aang: No, I think it’s great! You’re like a secret hero.
      Katara: Well, if you want to help…there’s one more thing I have to do.

      (Cut to the factory. The two are standing beneath it staring up at its
      menacing expanse.)

      Aang: You want to destroy this factory‌
      Katara: Yes. Sokka was just kidding, but he was right. Getting rid of this
      factory is the only way to help these people permanently.

      (They enter the factory and hard-core bending-assisted mayhem ensues. The
      carnage ends with a shot of explosions rocking the building and the kids
      running out. The sun is rising as they return to the campsite.)

      Aang: (triumphantly) Ha ha! (He imitates the sound of an explosion.)
      Katara: Shhh, we don’t want to wake Sokka. (It is a little late for this;
      Sokka and Toph are waiting for the pair as they walk into camp. Katara is
      all innocence.) Hi! Sokka! We were just…out on a…morning walk!
      Sokka: Oh, really‌ A morning walk‌ (He dumps the dry grass from her
      sleeping bag onto the ground.) I know you’re the Painted Lady. I know
      you’ve been sneaking out at night, and I know you’ve been lying about Appa
      and feeding him purplizing tongue berries! (Toph sticks out her now-purple
      tongue and holds up a bag of berries as evidence.) Katara, what you did
      put our whole mission in jeopardy. We’re leaving right now. (He turns to
      Aang.) And how long did you know about this‌
      Aang: Hey, I just found out this morning.

      (Cut to a shot of the menacing General Mung emerging from the smoking
      ruins of the factory and looking vengefully towards the village.

      Cut back to the campsite, where the kids are packing. A strange sound
      fills the air and they look up to see a detachment of Fire Soldiers on jet
      skis racing down the river towards the village.)

      Toph: What’s going on‌
      Aang: Fire Nation soldiers are heading to the village.
      Sokka: (to Katara, angrily) What did you do‌
      Katara: (guiltily) I…kind of destroyed their factory.
      Sokka: You what‌!
      Katara: It was your idea!
      Sokka: I was joking. I also said to use spirit magic and made funny
      noises. Did you even think this through. The army’s gonna blame the
      villagers. They’re headed there right now to get revenge.
      Katara: Well, what was I supposed to do‌
      Sokka: Leave! Do nothing!
      Katara: (dramatic close-up) No. I will never, ever turn my back on people
      who need me. (She gets up to leave.) I’m going down to the village, and I
      am gonna do whatever I can.

      (Sokka, after a moment of soul-searching, gets up and follows her.)

      Sokka: Wait. I’m coming too.
      Katara: I thought you didn’t want to help.
      Sokka: You need me, and I will never turn my back on you.
      Katara: Sokka. You really do have a heart.

      (They hug.)

      Aang: (overcome) He really does have a heart, doesn’t he‌

      (Wiping away tears, he turns to Toph for confirmation. The earthbender,
      however, has a low tolerance for this kind of girly twaddle and socks him
      in the chest, felling him to the ground. The act ends with a shot of Fire
      Army jet skis bearing down on the village.)

      Act III

      (General Mung is addressing the gathered villagers.)

      General Mung: I thought we could live as neighbors, in peace. But I guess
      I was wrong. You steal our food, our medicine…and then you destroy our
      factory.
      Dock: (popping out of the crowd) We didn’t do any of that. (popping out in
      a different place wearing his Xu hat) Yeah, the Painted Lady brought us
      food. She’s the one that healed our sick, not your medicine.
      General Mung: Oh, right, the mysterious Painted Lady did it. And I suppose
      she drew the army emblem on your containers, too. This is a town of
      thieves and liars! (He bends a fireblast, destroying a house.) Where’s
      your Painted Lady now‌ We’re going to cure the world of this wretched
      village. (The Fire Soldiers begin demolishing the town. Two of them light
      a large flammable ball perched on a buoy in the river, but a mysterious
      gust of wind from nowhere blows the fire out, twice.) Light it again!

      (They do, and it is blown out again. Eerie flute music begins floating
      over the water.)

      Female Fire Soldier: Look at that! Where’s it coming from‌

      (She refers to a heavy fog that is rapidly pouring in.)

      Male Fire Soldier: I don’t know. Something strange is going on.

      (An ominous growling noise echoes over the river.)

      Boy: It’s the Painted Lady. She’s coming.
      General Mung: There is no Painted Lady!
      Female Fire Soldier: What is that sound‌

      (A repetitive thudding noise, as of giant footsteps, has begun. Pan over
      the river to the further bank where we see that the thudding is caused by
      Toph elevating and dropping a large boulder, Appa is doing the growling,
      and Sokka is manning the flute.)

      Male Fire Soldier: Maybe it is her.

      (The fog parts dramatically to reveal Katara in full Lady regalia. She
      pauses a moment for the theatrical effect and then rushes toward the Fire
      Soldiers in a burst of waterbending. She alights on the dock and slowly
      approaches them.)

      General Mung: Do something! (He pushes his minions forward. As they
      timidly draw near, they are rattled by a blast of airbending. Aang is
      hiding beneath the dock.) Stand your ground! (Katara waterbends two jet
      skis into a nearby cliff. As she raises her hand to wreak further damage,
      the Fire Soldiers jump into the remaining jet skis and speed off, leaving
      Mung to hold the fort.) I’ll take care of you myself.

      (He bends a arc of fire at Katara. Aang, still concealed beneath the dock,
      sends Katara flying into the sky on a column of air; the flame passes
      harmlessly beneath her. For good measure, Aang rends the dock in two with
      a blast of wind, sending Mung flying into the river. As he flounders,
      Katara rises out of the polluted water before him and raises her arms
      threateningly.)

      Katara: Leave this village and never come back.

      (He swims desperately away from her. A stray jet ski passes by and he
      clambers into it; the ski buzzes off. Sokka and Toph row towards the
      village as the people applaud Katara.)

      Boy: I knew you’d come.
      Dock: Thank you!
      Random Villager: Painted Lady, you’re the best!
      Dock: Me and my brothers really owe you a lot. (Looking at her, he has a
      shock of recognition.) Hey, wait a minute! I know you! You’re not the
      Painted Lady, you’re that colonial girl!
      Boy: Yeah, you’re the lady that gave me a fish.
      Dock: You’ve been tricking us. You’re a waterbender!
      Random Villager: She’s a waterbender! How dare you act like our Painted
      Lady‌

      (The crowd surges forward in anger. Sokka runs forward to intervene.)

      Sokka: Maybe she is a waterbender, but she was just trying to help you.
      Because of her, that factory won’t be polluting your river, and the army
      is gone. You should be down on your knees thanking her.
      Katara: Sokka, it’s okay. (to the villagers) I shouldn’t have acted like
      someone I wasn’t, and I shouldn’t have tricked you. But I felt like I had
      to do something. It doesn’t matter if the Painted Lady is real or not.
      Because your problems are real, and this river is real. You can’t wait
      around for someone to help you. You have to help yourself.
      Dock: She’s right, but what should we do‌

      (Toph, who has hidden in the crowd, pops out and makes a suggestion in a
      disguised voice.)

      Toph: Maybe we can clean the river.
      Dock: Yeah, we can clean the river! (The crowd cheers this idea.) Thank
      you. You know, you’re not so bad for a waterbender.
      Sokka: You wouldn’t mind keeping that a secret, by the way, would you‌
      Dock: No problem. Keeping my mouth shut is a personal specialty. My
      brother Xu, on the other hand, hoo! He’s a blabbermouth.
      Katara: So, Dock, are you gonna help us clean‌
      Dock: No, ma’am. I’m going to get my other brother, Bushi. He loves
      cleaning rivers. (Dock brazenly switches hats right in front of them.)
      Alright, I’m Bushi! Let’s get some river cleaning done.
      Aang: Aha, I knew it! I knew you were the same guy. You’re the shop owner
      and the boat guy.
      Dock: Oh, you must be talking about my brothers, Dock and Xu.
      Aang: (exasperated) No, I just saw you! You switched hats and called
      yourself a different name!
      Dock: Oh, you know who does that‌ My brother Dock. (conspiratorial
      whisper) He’s crazy.

      (Aang fumes. It’s hopeless – Dock has been drinking industrial sewage for
      far too long.

      The afternoon is spent cleaning the river, with extensive bending help
      from the kids. By sunset, the river is blue and pristine.

      Nighttime, back at the campsite. Katara has gone down to the river as the
      others sleep. Suddenly an apparition appears before her…the Painted Lady
      is “real” after all.)

      Painted Lady: Thank you.

      (She recedes into the fog and disappears. Katara smiles.)

      [End Credits]
    </div>

=== "中文"

    <div class="script">
    第三回
彩纹仙女

29
00:01:31,022 --&gt; 00:01:32,489
模模

30
00:01:34,158 --&gt; 00:01:37,427
哦，模模

31
00:01:39,664 --&gt; 00:01:43,133
我认输了，伙计

32
00:01:43,234 --&gt; 00:01:45,635
我说，伙计们，这条河好像被污染了

33
00:01:54,846 --&gt; 00:01:58,048
怪不得我在这儿连一条鱼也没钓着呢

34
00:01:58,149 --&gt; 00:02:02,386
要知道我的钓鱼技巧可不是盖的
（off the hook: 索卡吹嘘自己不用钩也能钓）

35
00:02:02,487 --&gt; 00:02:04,588
服不，没钩我也能垂钓

36
00:02:04,689 --&gt; 00:02:07,090
你的那些技艺用不在鱼钩上真是可惜了
（拓芙讽刺索卡吹牛皮才是他真正的功夫）

37
00:02:11,362 --&gt; 00:02:14,998
看来咱们得找个地方弄点吃的

38
00:02:15,099 --&gt; 00:02:18,068
希望不要和索卡的进程表起冲突

39
00:02:18,169 --&gt; 00:02:20,270
嗯...可行

40
00:02:20,371 --&gt; 00:02:22,739
不过今天只能小憩两次了

41
00:02:22,840 --&gt; 00:02:25,342
嘿，也许咱们在那儿能搞到点吃的

42
00:02:30,114 --&gt; 00:02:32,849
现在你看起来就个像长了犄角的小山包

43
00:02:32,950 --&gt; 00:02:34,317
回见，伙计

44
00:02:37,889 --&gt; 00:02:40,123
我怎么什么也没感觉到

45
00:02:40,224 --&gt; 00:02:41,692
哪有什么村子啊？

46
00:02:41,793 --&gt; 00:02:43,527
它就在河中央

47
00:02:43,628 --&gt; 00:02:44,895
没错

48
00:02:44,996 --&gt; 00:02:46,263
俺叫“多克”（dock: 有船坞、码头之意）

49
00:02:46,364 --&gt; 00:02:47,864
您几位是？

50
00:02:47,965 --&gt; 00:02:52,069
我们，呃，我们来自殖民地土强国

51
00:02:52,170 --&gt; 00:02:53,970
哇哦，真是稀客啊
（colonials:殖民地住民）

52
00:02:54,072 --&gt; 00:02:56,473
上来吧，我载你们进村

53
00:02:59,544 --&gt; 00:03:01,545
你们为何要在河上生活呢？

54
00:03:01,646 --&gt; 00:03:03,313
因为我们村是渔村啊

55
00:03:03,414 --&gt; 00:03:06,283
至少在工厂搬来之前是渔村

56
00:03:06,384 --&gt; 00:03:08,885
军队在那边大炼钢铁

57
00:03:08,986 --&gt; 00:03:12,255
搬来没几年，这条河就被他们弄成烂泥塘了

58
00:03:12,357 --&gt; 00:03:15,325
现在全村人都在挣扎度日，勉强苟活

59
00:03:21,199 --&gt; 00:03:24,901
多谢你载我们过来

60
00:03:25,003 --&gt; 00:03:27,270
看看这里

61
00:03:27,372 --&gt; 00:03:28,972
真是太凄凉了

62
00:03:29,073 --&gt; 00:03:31,942
我们得帮帮他们

63
00:03:32,043 --&gt; 00:03:34,544
不行，我们不能在这里浪费时间

64
00:03:34,645 --&gt; 00:03:37,280
我们还有更重要的使命要去完成

65
00:03:37,382 --&gt; 00:03:39,649
让这些人自生自灭吧

66
00:03:39,751 --&gt; 00:03:43,487
这些人在忍饥挨饿，你怎能弃他们于不顾

67
00:03:43,588 --&gt; 00:03:46,023
你怎么能这么冷血无情？

68
00:03:46,124 --&gt; 00:03:49,092
我不是冷血，只是实际罢了

69
00:03:49,193 --&gt; 00:03:52,396
这种贫穷破落的小镇多了，你怎么能管得过来呢

70
00:03:52,497 --&gt; 00:03:55,198
解决掉烈火王才是帮他们的一劳永逸的方法

71
00:03:55,299 --&gt; 00:03:56,867
嘿，大嘴巴

72
00:03:56,968 --&gt; 00:03:59,002
谈论推翻烈火王时最好小点声

73
00:03:59,103 --&gt; 00:04:01,938
小心隔墙有耳

74
00:04:02,040 --&gt; 00:04:04,374
我说，卡塔拉，理智一点

75
00:04:04,475 --&gt; 00:04:06,376
你知道此时必须以我们的任务为先

76
00:04:06,477 --&gt; 00:04:08,712
你说的对

77
00:04:08,813 --&gt; 00:04:11,381
买点干粮咱们就上路吧

78
00:04:17,021 --&gt; 00:04:19,456
嘿，多克，原来你也在这儿打工啊

79
00:04:19,557 --&gt; 00:04:21,892
俺不是多克，俺是舒（shoe：鞋）

80
00:04:21,993 --&gt; 00:04:23,960
多克是我的兄弟

81
00:04:24,062 --&gt; 00:04:25,562
我们刚才才见过你

82
00:04:25,663 --&gt; 00:04:27,731
就连衣服都是一样的

83
00:04:27,832 --&gt; 00:04:29,700
只不过帽子不一样罢了

84
00:04:29,801 --&gt; 00:04:32,903
多克在码头工作，所以才叫他多克

85
00:04:33,004 --&gt; 00:04:36,106
我在商店打工，所以大家都叫我舒

86
00:04:36,207 --&gt; 00:04:37,574
我糊涂了

87
00:04:37,675 --&gt; 00:04:40,110
我也是

88
00:04:40,211 --&gt; 00:04:42,145
想买点什么吗？

89
00:04:43,581 --&gt; 00:04:45,515
嘿，我给你们点优惠咋样

90
00:04:45,616 --&gt; 00:04:50,554
只要你们买三条鱼，我就免费赠个蛤蜊给你们

91
00:04:52,390 --&gt; 00:04:55,659
我们只要鱼就行了

92
00:04:55,760 --&gt; 00:04:59,730
麻烦让你的兄弟载我们回岸上去

93
00:04:59,831 --&gt; 00:05:01,331
嘿，殖民地的

94
00:05:01,432 --&gt; 00:05:04,434
我兄弟说你们要回去了

95
00:05:07,238 --&gt; 00:05:09,973
行行好，施舍我点吃的吧

96
00:05:10,074 --&gt; 00:05:13,110
真希望能够多帮助你们点

97
00:05:29,427 --&gt; 00:05:32,696
今天绕路进村完全打乱了咱们的行程计划

98
00:05:32,797 --&gt; 00:05:36,900
看来咱们不得不采取点补救措施了

99
00:05:37,001 --&gt; 00:05:40,037
都听您的，计划大师
（master schedule:   总体进度表；
反过来是另外的意思
拓芙挖苦人的功夫很强啊，赞）

100
00:05:40,138 --&gt; 00:05:43,674
那个，首先，从今以后我们每天需要早起43分钟

101
00:05:43,775 --&gt; 00:05:45,575
43分钟？

102
00:05:45,610 --&gt; 00:05:50,247
离入侵计划开始实施只有不到几个星期的时间了

103
00:05:50,348 --&gt; 00:05:52,616
而且那日食只能持续8分钟

104
00:05:52,717 --&gt; 00:05:54,251
我们刚刚浪费了整整一天的时间

105
00:05:54,352 --&gt; 00:05:57,187
所以为了弥补失去的时间，确保计划顺利进行

106
00:05:57,288 --&gt; 00:05:58,722
我们就必须早起

107
00:05:58,823 --&gt; 00:06:01,024
想让我早起门都没有

108
00:06:01,125 --&gt; 00:06:04,161
那只好取消咱们所有的吃饭时间了

109
00:06:04,262 --&gt; 00:06:06,363
-啥？ -不行。 -想都别想

110
00:06:06,464 --&gt; 00:06:08,398
有了，这么办咋样？

111
00:06:08,499 --&gt; 00:06:11,301
从今以后，咱们不如在吃饭的时候同时

112
00:06:11,402 --&gt; 00:06:12,903
把排泄的问题解决掉

113
00:06:14,138 --&gt; 00:06:16,440
嘿，虽然这样很恶心，不过蛮有效率的

114
00:06:16,541 --&gt; 00:06:20,377
不管怎样，明早起来第一件事就是离开这里

115
00:06:28,019 --&gt; 00:06:29,119
卡塔拉，怎么了？

116
00:06:29,220 --&gt; 00:06:31,088
阿柏好像生病了

117
00:06:31,189 --&gt; 00:06:33,724
啥，阿柏病了，真是太糟了

118
00:06:33,858 --&gt; 00:06:37,461
哇哦，索卡，没想到你居然会这么关心

119
00:06:37,562 --&gt; 00:06:38,995
我当然关心了

120
00:06:39,097 --&gt; 00:06:44,034
不然咱们的计划又该泡汤了

121
00:06:44,135 --&gt; 00:06:48,839
当然啦，咱们的大毛球不舒服我又怎能不关心呢

122
00:06:48,940 --&gt; 00:06:50,273
他这病八成是因为

123
00:06:50,375 --&gt; 00:06:52,009
喝了污染的河水造成的

124
00:06:52,110 --&gt; 00:06:53,510
它看起来不像得病了啊

125
00:06:53,611 --&gt; 00:06:55,379
你还好吗，伙计？

126
00:06:57,348 --&gt; 00:06:58,982
它的舌头都变紫了

127
00:06:59,083 --&gt; 00:07:00,550
这可不妙

128
00:07:00,651 --&gt; 00:07:02,019
卡塔拉，你能治好它吗？

129
00:07:02,120 --&gt; 00:07:04,021
看起来他需要吃点药

130
00:07:04,122 --&gt; 00:07:07,758
也许我们能在村里找到合适的草药

131
00:07:11,029 --&gt; 00:07:14,898
你们是不是也觉得这儿有点不一样了？

132
00:07:14,999 --&gt; 00:07:17,834
没错，这些人好像高兴起来了？

133
00:07:23,174 --&gt; 00:07:25,709
嘿，舒，今天大家都咋的啦？

134
00:07:25,810 --&gt; 00:07:29,579
哦，昨晚有好事发生

135
00:07:29,681 --&gt; 00:07:33,950
有个神秘的好心人给我们村里送来了食物

136
00:07:34,052 --&gt; 00:07:36,153
肯定是彩纹仙女

137
00:07:36,254 --&gt; 00:07:37,320
彩纹仙女是哪路神仙啊？

138
00:07:37,422 --&gt; 00:07:39,289
彩纹仙女啊

139
00:07:39,390 --&gt; 00:07:41,625
说起她，村民可是无人不知无人不晓

140
00:07:41,726 --&gt; 00:07:43,326
据说她是一位河神

141
00:07:43,428 --&gt; 00:07:46,196
在我们村危机之时总会出手相助

142
00:07:46,297 --&gt; 00:07:48,365
我一直以为她只是个传说而已

143
00:07:48,466 --&gt; 00:07:50,600
没想到...

144
00:07:50,702 --&gt; 00:07:54,471
看见了吧，这些村民不需要我们帮忙
已经有人伸出了援手

145
00:07:54,572 --&gt; 00:07:57,007
还是给阿柏找药要紧

146
00:07:57,108 --&gt; 00:07:58,241
是要买药吗？

147
00:07:58,276 --&gt; 00:08:01,678
抱歉，所有的药都被工厂征收去了

148
00:08:01,779 --&gt; 00:08:04,781
所以咱村才会有这么多人生病

149
00:08:04,882 --&gt; 00:08:07,784
看来为了让阿柏休息恢复，咱们不得不再待一个晚上

150
00:08:07,885 --&gt; 00:08:09,953
也只能如此了

151
00:08:10,054 --&gt; 00:08:12,456
你这儿还有啥吃的卖吗？

152
00:08:12,557 --&gt; 00:08:16,360
这儿有一头鱼和双头鱼，你要那种？

153
00:08:16,461 --&gt; 00:08:19,229
我要双头的

154
00:08:19,330 --&gt; 00:08:21,865
咋啦，这样才物超所值嘛

155
00:09:02,740 --&gt; 00:09:06,343
多谢你，彩纹仙女

156
00:09:16,585 --&gt; 00:09:18,719
好啊，多克，舒在吗？

157
00:09:18,820 --&gt; 00:09:23,257
我去找找

158
00:09:23,358 --&gt; 00:09:26,127
嘿，各位，又回来了啊

159
00:09:26,228 --&gt; 00:09:27,562
我们还要买点吃的

160
00:09:27,663 --&gt; 00:09:31,766
我们的朋友还在生病，只有等它好点了才能上路

161
00:09:31,867 --&gt; 00:09:33,935
哦，呃，那真是太糟了

162
00:09:34,036 --&gt; 00:09:35,436
如果你们幸运的话

163
00:09:35,439 --&gt; 00:09:37,572
彩纹仙女可能晚上回去拜访你们哦

164
00:09:37,572 --&gt; 00:09:38,739
没准她会治好你的朋友

165
00:09:38,739 --&gt; 00:09:41,242
没准她还能给我们做顿夜宵

166
00:09:41,343 --&gt; 00:09:42,977
我们还可以搞个歌咏比赛啥的

167
00:09:43,078 --&gt; 00:09:45,246
是啊，有可能哩

168
00:09:45,347 --&gt; 00:09:47,582
我说，她昨晚又来拜访我们了

169
00:09:47,683 --&gt; 00:09:49,684
她治好了大半村民

170
00:09:49,785 --&gt; 00:09:51,819
我说为啥大家都这么高兴呢？

171
00:09:51,920 --&gt; 00:09:55,289
是啊，都是彩纹仙女的功劳

172
00:09:55,390 --&gt; 00:09:59,760
没想到一位女士居然对整个村子有如此深远的影响

173
00:09:59,862 --&gt; 00:10:02,084
我是说仙女

174
00:10:02,084 --&gt; 00:10:03,064
真希望她每晚都能来

175
00:10:03,165 --&gt; 00:10:05,800
否则这里又会变成老样子喽

176
00:10:05,901 --&gt; 00:10:07,535
你为啥要那么说？

177
00:10:07,636 --&gt; 00:10:09,403
看看这些人现在多么快乐啊

178
00:10:09,505 --&gt; 00:10:12,940
没错，如果没有了她，这些人又该以何为生呢？

179
00:10:13,041 --&gt; 00:10:14,809
如果她真的想帮忙

180
00:10:14,910 --&gt; 00:10:17,979
她最好用她的灵力炸掉那座工厂

181
00:10:22,050 --&gt; 00:10:24,318
索卡，神力可不是那样儿的

182
00:10:24,419 --&gt; 00:10:30,024
应该像这样...

183
00:11:03,125 --&gt; 00:11:05,626
怎么了，伙计？

184
00:11:05,727 --&gt; 00:11:08,796
是她

185
00:11:08,897 --&gt; 00:11:10,865
幸会啊，彩纹仙女

186
00:11:19,808 --&gt; 00:11:22,777
抱歉，我并无意打搅你

187
00:11:22,878 --&gt; 00:11:27,515
不过我的朋友病了，我们有件急事要赶

188
00:11:27,616 --&gt; 00:11:32,053
等等，我可是灵界和凡间沟通的桥梁啊

189
00:11:37,259 --&gt; 00:11:40,394
我认识黑白，我们交情可不浅哩

190
00:11:52,374 --&gt; 00:11:53,908
嘿

191
00:12:07,322 --&gt; 00:12:08,256
我叫安昂

192
00:12:08,357 --&gt; 00:12:11,759
我是降世神通

193
00:12:11,860 --&gt; 00:12:14,128
哦，幸会啊，神通

194
00:12:14,229 --&gt; 00:12:17,598
很希望咱们能聊聊，不过我现在非常忙

195
00:12:17,699 --&gt; 00:12:19,100
是吗，我也是

196
00:12:19,201 --&gt; 00:12:21,836
神通真不是人干的活

197
00:12:21,937 --&gt; 00:12:24,172
我说，你这个神灵还很漂亮嘛

198
00:12:24,273 --&gt; 00:12:29,043
虽然神灵我见过的不多，
不过我见到的那些长得...都挺抱歉的

199
00:12:29,144 --&gt; 00:12:31,512
多谢夸奖，不过...

200
00:12:31,613 --&gt; 00:12:34,482
你看起来还很眼熟

201
00:12:34,583 --&gt; 00:12:36,284
人们都这么说

202
00:12:36,385 --&gt; 00:12:39,253
不，你真的很像我一个熟人

203
00:12:39,354 --&gt; 00:12:43,491
我真的得走了

204
00:12:47,095 --&gt; 00:12:49,297
卡塔拉？

205
00:12:49,398 --&gt; 00:12:50,498
好啊，安昂

206
00:12:50,599 --&gt; 00:12:53,301
你是彩纹仙女？怎么会？

207
00:12:53,402 --&gt; 00:12:56,637
起初并不想成为她的，我只是想帮助这些村民

208
00:12:56,738 --&gt; 00:12:59,173
不过既然大家都认为我是彩纹仙女，于是乎...

209
00:12:59,274 --&gt; 00:13:04,111
我想渐渐的就变成了她

210
00:13:04,213 --&gt; 00:13:06,414
所以你就在夜晚溜出去？

211
00:13:06,515 --&gt; 00:13:08,649
等等，阿柏也没病对吧？

212
00:13:08,750 --&gt; 00:13:12,520
我可能是讨厌我喂给它的紫莓
（sick：病；be sick of：对...讨厌）

213
00:13:12,621 --&gt; 00:13:14,622
不过身体还是棒棒的

214
00:13:14,723 --&gt; 00:13:17,825
真不敢相信你为了帮助这些人，居然糊弄我们

215
00:13:17,926 --&gt; 00:13:20,361
对不起，我知道我这样做不对

216
00:13:20,462 --&gt; 00:13:21,963
不，我想你做的对

217
00:13:22,064 --&gt; 00:13:24,765
你就象个秘密英雄

218
00:13:24,867 --&gt; 00:13:26,767
那个，如果你想帮忙的话

219
00:13:26,869 --&gt; 00:13:30,438
正好还有件事情要做

220
00:13:39,448 --&gt; 00:13:41,682
你要毁了那座工厂？

221
00:13:41,783 --&gt; 00:13:44,719
没错，索卡说者无心，不过他说的对

222
00:13:44,820 --&gt; 00:13:48,689
毁掉那座工厂才是帮助这些人的根本

223
00:14:44,379 --&gt; 00:14:47,715
嘘，别吵醒索卡

224
00:14:47,816 --&gt; 00:14:49,617
早啊，索卡

225
00:14:49,718 --&gt; 00:14:52,620
我们只是去晨跑

226
00:14:52,721 --&gt; 00:14:54,021
哦，是吗？

227
00:14:54,122 --&gt; 00:14:57,358
晨跑？

228
00:15:01,063 --&gt; 00:15:02,430
我知道你就是那个彩纹仙女

229
00:15:02,531 --&gt; 00:15:04,265
我知道你这些天晚上一直偷溜出去

230
00:15:04,366 --&gt; 00:15:09,070
阿柏也没病，它的舌头都是你给他喂的紫莓弄的

231
00:15:11,773 --&gt; 00:15:14,342
卡塔拉，你怎么能置大家的安危于不顾呢

232
00:15:14,443 --&gt; 00:15:18,813
咱们现在就出发赶路

233
00:15:18,914 --&gt; 00:15:21,148
你知道这件事多久了？

234
00:15:21,250 --&gt; 00:15:24,285
嘿，我也是刚刚才知道

235
00:15:45,440 --&gt; 00:15:47,041
怎么了？

236
00:15:47,142 --&gt; 00:15:49,210
火宗士兵开进了村里

237
00:15:49,311 --&gt; 00:15:50,711
你俩到底做了什么？

238
00:15:50,812 --&gt; 00:15:52,880
我们好像毁了他们的工厂

239
00:15:52,981 --&gt; 00:15:54,115
什么？

240
00:15:54,216 --&gt; 00:15:56,884
-那可是你的主意。  -我是开玩笑的

241
00:15:56,985 --&gt; 00:16:00,321
我还说要用灵力来着呢
难道你也弄出那种滑稽的声音了？

242
00:16:00,422 --&gt; 00:16:02,790
你咋不好好考虑考虑呢？

243
00:16:02,891 --&gt; 00:16:04,692
火宗人一定把帐算到村民头上了

244
00:16:04,793 --&gt; 00:16:06,761
他们现在肯定是去寻仇的

245
00:16:06,862 --&gt; 00:16:08,596
那我该怎么办啊？

246
00:16:08,697 --&gt; 00:16:11,365
赶紧离开，少管闲事

247
00:16:11,466 --&gt; 00:16:12,200
不行

248
00:16:12,200 --&gt; 00:16:16,003
我不会弃那些需要我帮助的人民而不顾的

249
00:16:16,104 --&gt; 00:16:18,406
我这就到村里去

250
00:16:18,507 --&gt; 00:16:21,642
我要尽力帮他们渡过难关

251
00:16:25,681 --&gt; 00:16:26,681
等等

252
00:16:26,782 --&gt; 00:16:28,816
我也一道去

253
00:16:28,917 --&gt; 00:16:31,185
我还以为你不想帮忙

254
00:16:31,286 --&gt; 00:16:34,722
你需要我，我永远也不会弃你而不顾

255
00:16:34,823 --&gt; 00:16:39,360
索卡，你的心肠真好

256
00:16:39,461 --&gt; 00:16:43,197
他是有心脏的，对吧？
（have a heart:安昂肯定
不知道这有良心的意思吧）

257
00:16:55,141 --&gt; 00:16:57,642
我原以为咱们可以和睦共处、相安无事

258
00:16:57,744 --&gt; 00:16:59,344
看来我想错了

259
00:16:59,445 --&gt; 00:17:02,114
你们居然偷了我们的食物和药品

260
00:17:02,215 --&gt; 00:17:04,316
还毁了我们的工厂

261
00:17:04,417 --&gt; 00:17:06,952
我们什么也没做啊

262
00:17:07,053 --&gt; 00:17:09,788
没错，食物是彩纹仙女给我们的

263
00:17:09,889 --&gt; 00:17:12,791
是她治好了我们的病，才不稀罕你们的药哩

264
00:17:12,892 --&gt; 00:17:17,496
哦，没错，都是神秘的彩纹仙女干的好事

265
00:17:17,597 --&gt; 00:17:22,968
那我想也是她把军队的徽章画在你们米缸上的吧

266
00:17:24,437 --&gt; 00:17:28,040
你们全村没有一个好东西

267
00:17:31,177 --&gt; 00:17:35,514
你们的彩纹仙女在哪儿呢？

268
00:17:35,615 --&gt; 00:17:38,750
就让我们好好整顿一下这个堕落的村庄吧

269
00:17:59,005 --&gt; 00:18:02,808
再点一次

270
00:18:02,909 --&gt; 00:18:05,811
怎么回事，那风是从哪儿来的？

271
00:18:05,912 --&gt; 00:18:07,312
我不知道

272
00:18:07,413 --&gt; 00:18:09,848
好像有点不对头

273
00:18:12,085 --&gt; 00:18:13,752
是彩纹仙女

274
00:18:13,853 --&gt; 00:18:15,620
她来了

275
00:18:15,722 --&gt; 00:18:17,856
根本就没有什么彩纹仙女

276
00:18:37,677 --&gt; 00:18:40,979
那是什么声音，没准是她发出来的

277
00:18:58,164 --&gt; 00:19:00,132
别傻站着啊

278
00:19:11,444 --&gt; 00:19:14,279
坚守阵地

279
00:19:34,867 --&gt; 00:19:37,336
我自己就能摆平你

280
00:20:08,801 --&gt; 00:20:11,870
赶快从这儿滚出去，再也别回来

281
00:20:41,067 --&gt; 00:20:42,668
我就知道你会来的

282
00:20:42,769 --&gt; 00:20:44,169
谢谢你

283
00:20:44,270 --&gt; 00:20:46,004
彩纹仙女，你是最棒的

284
00:20:46,105 --&gt; 00:20:49,875
您的恩情，我和我的兄弟真是无以为报啊

285
00:20:49,976 --&gt; 00:20:53,912
嘿，且慢，我认识你

286
00:20:54,013 --&gt; 00:20:56,081
你不是彩纹仙女

287
00:20:56,182 --&gt; 00:20:59,017
你是那个殖民地丫头

288
00:20:59,118 --&gt; 00:21:02,654
没错，你是那个给我鱼的女士

289
00:21:02,755 --&gt; 00:21:04,890
你居然骗我们

290
00:21:04,991 --&gt; 00:21:07,192
你是个御水师

291
00:21:07,293 --&gt; 00:21:08,660
她是个御水师

292
00:21:08,761 --&gt; 00:21:11,229
你怎敢假冒我们的彩纹仙女？

293
00:21:13,900 --&gt; 00:21:17,469
她是个御水师不假，不过她只是想帮助你们

294
00:21:17,570 --&gt; 00:21:20,372
正是由于她的帮助
那工厂才不会继续污染你们的河流

295
00:21:20,473 --&gt; 00:21:22,107
军队也已经撤走了

296
00:21:22,208 --&gt; 00:21:24,876
你们应该跪下来感谢她的帮助

297
00:21:24,977 --&gt; 00:21:27,612
索卡，没关系的

298
00:21:27,714 --&gt; 00:21:30,082
我不应该假扮成其他人

299
00:21:30,183 --&gt; 00:21:31,950
欺骗你们也是我不对

300
00:21:32,051 --&gt; 00:21:34,486
不过我不能袖手旁观

301
00:21:34,587 --&gt; 00:21:37,789
彩纹仙女存不存在其实并不重要

302
00:21:37,890 --&gt; 00:21:41,626
你们的安危，河流的污染才是当务之急

303
00:21:41,728 --&gt; 00:21:44,396
你们不应该坐在这里等待别人来帮助你们

304
00:21:44,497 --&gt; 00:21:46,631
你们应该学会自救

305
00:21:46,733 --&gt; 00:21:50,402
她说的没错，不过我们该咋办呢？

306
00:21:50,503 --&gt; 00:21:53,839
也许我们应该治理一下这条河

307
00:21:53,940 --&gt; 00:21:57,009
好，咱们说干就干

308
00:22:00,747 --&gt; 00:22:02,314
感谢你们

309
00:22:02,415 --&gt; 00:22:05,384
其实御水师也没那么坏嘛

310
00:22:05,485 --&gt; 00:22:08,220
你不介意为我们保守这个秘密吧，可以吗？

311
00:22:08,321 --&gt; 00:22:09,755
没问题

312
00:22:09,856 --&gt; 00:22:12,124
你们放心，打死我也不说

313
00:22:12,225 --&gt; 00:22:15,827
不过我的兄弟舒可保不齐，他是个大嘴巴

314
00:22:17,096 --&gt; 00:22:19,197
那么，多克，你不帮我们一道清理吗？

315
00:22:19,298 --&gt; 00:22:22,634
不了，我去找我另一个兄弟布什来帮忙
（bushi：不湿？）

316
00:22:22,735 --&gt; 00:22:27,039
治理河流他最在行了

317
00:22:27,140 --&gt; 00:22:28,840
你们好啊，我是布什

318
00:22:28,941 --&gt; 00:22:30,909
咱们开始治理河流吧

319
00:22:31,010 --&gt; 00:22:33,011
阿哈，我就知道

320
00:22:33,112 --&gt; 00:22:34,746
你们根本就是一个人

321
00:22:34,847 --&gt; 00:22:37,382
那个买货的和划船的都是你一个人扮的

322
00:22:37,483 --&gt; 00:22:40,686
哦，你们说的是我的两个兄弟，多克和舒

323
00:22:40,787 --&gt; 00:22:42,387
别装了，我们都看见了

324
00:22:42,488 --&gt; 00:22:44,556
别以为你脱了马甲我们就不认识你了

325
00:22:44,657 --&gt; 00:22:47,092
哦，实话跟你们说吧

326
00:22:47,193 --&gt; 00:22:49,294
你们说的肯定是多克

327
00:22:49,395 --&gt; 00:22:51,163
他是个疯子
（人格分裂啊，怕怕~）

328
00:22:59,366 --&gt; 00:23:04,614
*其实，治理污染的河流并没有这么容易*

329
00:23:04,614 --&gt; 00:23:12,515
*人们几年间对自然造成的污染，往往要数百年
乃至数千年才能恢复，有些破坏将永远不能恢复*

330
00:23:12,515 --&gt; 00:23:16,384
*作为一个环境工作者，一个水处理工作者
呼吁大家珍爱水资源，珍爱我们的环境*

331
00:23:30,903 --&gt; 00:23:33,705
谢谢你

332
00:23:41,539 --&gt; 00:23:45,782
-=未完待续=-
翻译/校译：Tucity http://blog.sina.com.cn/tucity
时间轴：花与虫 http://bugsandflowers.blogspot.com
本字幕仅为个人学习之用，请勿用作商业用途

1
00:00:02,500 --&gt; 00:00:04,597
水善国

2
00:00:05,100 --&gt; 00:00:06,498
土强国

3
00:00:06,914 --&gt; 00:00:08,601
火烈国

4
00:00:08,997 --&gt; 00:00:10,069
气和国

5
00:00:11,462 --&gt; 00:00:14,906
很久以前，这四大国和谐共处

6
00:00:15,389 --&gt; 00:00:19,394
然而，烈火国发起的战争结束了和平

7
00:00:19,817 --&gt; 00:00:23,611
只有同时掌握四种元素的降世神通才能结束战争

8
00:00:23,612 --&gt; 00:00:26,918
然而在大家最需要他的时候，他却消失了

9
00:00:27,294 --&gt; 00:00:30,686
100年后，我和哥哥发现了转世的降世神通

10
00:00:31,060 --&gt; 00:00:32,928
他是个御气师，名叫“安昂”

11
00:00:32,963 --&gt; 00:00:35,336
尽管他的御气术着实了得

12
00:00:35,371 --&gt; 00:00:37,997
在拯救苍生之前，他要学的还有很多

13
00:00:38,996 --&gt; 00:00:41,989
但是我坚信 安昂能拯救这个世界

14
00:00:42,162 --&gt; 00:00:46,948
-=降世神通=-
最后的气宗
翻译/校译：Tucity http://blog.sina.com.cn/tucity
时间轴：花与虫 http://bugsandflowers.blogspot.com
本字幕仅为个人学习之用，请勿用作商业用途

15
00:00:47,791 --&gt; 00:00:49,943
降世神通 前情提要

16
00:00:51,649 --&gt; 00:00:53,417
打入敌人的内部是最好的办法

17
00:00:53,518 --&gt; 00:00:57,888
如果我们有了火宗的伪装
在外面就和我们躲在洞中一样安全

18
00:00:57,989 --&gt; 00:00:59,656
皇叔，你没有权利指责我

19
00:00:59,757 --&gt; 00:01:04,294
我在永固城作了该做的事情
你居然还敢螳臂当车，真是太蠢了

20
00:01:07,398 --&gt; 00:01:10,367
看来你喜欢用白莲来开局

21
00:01:10,468 --&gt; 00:01:12,803
用这种古法的人已经不多了

22
00:01:12,904 --&gt; 00:01:16,740
不过善用它的人总能觅得知音

23
00:01:18,034 --&gt; 00:01:23,079
第三卷
火
    </div>
