# S03E13 - The Firebending Masters

**Languages:** English / 中文

<table class="script-table">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>English</th>
      <th>中文</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><pre class="script">
      The Firebending Masters

      Written By: John O&#x27;Bryan
      Directed By: Giancarlo Volpe
      Storyboard By: Michael Chang, Johane Matte, Juan Meza-Leon, Sang Jin Kim,
      Giancarlo Volpe
      Animation By: Moi Animation
      Dedicated to Dante DiMartino
      Transcribers: Avatar_Mom and Icy_Ashford

      [Introduction sequence]

      [“Previously on Avatar” sequence, including clips from The Western Air
      Temple]

      Act I

      (The episode opens up to the sky and the camera slowly pans down to an
      upside down pagoda in The Western Air Temple)

      Zuko: (off screen) I know you&#x27;re nervous, (the camera stops and reveals
      Zuko and Aang standing at the balcony of one of the pagoda’s) but
      remember… firebending in and of itself is not something to fear.
      Aang: (Cut to close-up shot of Aang who sighs and looks hesitant) Ok. Not
      something to fear. (he still looks unsure)
      Zuko: (Cut to Zuko crossing his arms) But if you don&#x27;t respect it, (raises
      his voice, camera zooms in on his face to emphasize the point of treating
      fire with respect) it&#x27;ll chew you up and spit you out like an angry komodo
      rhino!

      (Cut to Aang who gives a yelp of fear)

      Zuko: Now show me what you&#x27;ve got. Any amount of fire you can make.

      (Aang exhales, takes in a nervous breath and attempts to firebend. The
      camera cuts to his palm which releases a small cloud of smoke which
      dissipates within a second. Camera moves to the left to show Aang smiling
      sheepishly.)

      Aang: Maybe I need a little more instruction. Perhaps a demonstration‌
      Zuko: (Camera zooms up to show an aerial view of where they’re standing)
      Good idea. You might want to take a couple steps back.

      (He gestures Aang to move backward and Aang does so. Cut to a close-up of
      Zuko who takes in a breath, grunts and proceeds to firebend. Camera zooms
      out to show that the result is a rather small pathetic burst of flame. The
      music emphasizes his failure in a comical way. Aang applauds.)

      Zuko: (Zuko recoils back in confusion) What was that!‌ That was the worst
      firebending I&#x27;ve ever seen! (moves his hand in a “What is wrong‌!”
gesture)
      Aang: (looks to the floor) I thought it was, (looks back at Zuko) nice.
      (shrugs)

      (Zuko grunts again and firebends in rapid succession. All his flames are
      small like the first. He grunts in frustration and stares at his palms)

      Zuko: (angrily) Why is this happening‌
      Aang: Maybe it&#x27;s the altitude.

      Zuko: (turns away from Aang) Yeah, could be. (looks unsure and lost)

      (Camera pans around the temple and drops down to Zuko and Aang, who have
      found a spot lower in altitude. Aang is sitting on a broken pillar and
      watches Zuko firebend with the same results. Zuko grunts in frustration
      and unleashes another blast with no improvement. Aang yawns and lies
      down.)

      Zuko: Just breathe, and... (pauses to firebend again.)

      (Cut to Aang who sits up)

      Aang: That one kind of felt hot.
      Zuko: (lashes out) Don&#x27;t patronize me. You know what it&#x27;s supposed to look
      like! (throws his hand out)
      Aang: Sorry Sifu Hotman.
      Zuko: (raises his arms and shouts) And stop calling me that! (Aang
      cringes)

      (Cut to Sokka walking into screen and biting on an apple. He finds a spot
      and sits down to observe the two.)

      Sokka: Hey, jerks. Mind if I watch you two jerks do your jerk bending‌
      Zuko: Get out of here! (makes a “Get lost” movement with his arm)
      Sokka: (looking amused) Ok, take it easy. (drops his apple core, waves his
      hand in dismissal) I was just kidding around. (stands up to adjust his
      shirt) Jerk bending, still got it. (Zuko drops his head down and moans
      while Aang looks on)

      (Scene changes to night at the temple. Appa is seen resting near one of
      the fountains. Camera zooms in to Appa licking a small bale of hay. Camera
      moves to the right to reveal Zuko leaning on a column with his arms
      crossed, deep in thought. He turns his head back to the campfire where
      everyone is settled for dinner. He walks toward them.)

      Zuko: Listen everybody; (everyone turns their head towards him) I&#x27;ve got
      some pretty bad news. I&#x27;ve lost my stuff. (drops his head dejectedly)

      Toph: (cut to Toph who raises both arms to show she’s innocent) Don&#x27;t look
      at me. I didn&#x27;t touch your stuff. (folds arms)
      Zuko: I&#x27;m talking about my firebending. It&#x27;s gone.

      (Camera moves out to show Teo, Sokka, Haru and The Duke looking at him.
      The Duke attempts to sit up. Katara laughs maniacally. Camera pans to show
      that everyone is looking at her. Cut to Zuko who looks annoyed.)

      Katara: I&#x27;m sorry. I&#x27;m just laughing at the irony. You know… how it would
      have been nice for us if you lost your firebending a long time ago‌
      Zuko: Well it&#x27;s not lost. It&#x27;s just weaker for some reason.
      Katara: (holding up her bowl and glaring daggers at Zuko) Maybe you&#x27;re
      just not as good as you think you are.
      Toph: Ouch.
      Zuko: I bet it&#x27;s because I changed sides.
      Katara: That&#x27;s ridiculous. (drinks the contents in the bowl)
      Aang: I don&#x27;t know. Maybe it isn&#x27;t. Maybe your firebending comes from
      rage, and you just don&#x27;t have enough anger to fuel it the way you used to.

      Sokka: (Cut to Sokka who enters comically into screen ) So, all we need to
      do is make Zuko angry… easy enough.

      (He proceeds to nudge Zuko in the waist and head with the hilt of his
      sword several times.)

      Zuko: (bellows) Ok, cut it out! (Sokka stops what he is doing and his
      sword falls on his head) Look… even if you&#x27;re right, (rubs the bridge of
      his nose) I don&#x27;t want to rely on hate and anger anymore. There has to be
      another way.
      Toph: You&#x27;re gonna need to learn to draw your firebending (Sokka enters
      the screen, rubbing his head) from a different source. I recommend the
      original source. (puts food into her mouth and chews)
      Sokka: How&#x27;s he supposed to do that‌ By jumping into a volcano‌
      Toph: (swallows her food) No. Zuko needs to go back to whatever the
      original source of firebending is.
      Sokka: So is it jumping into a volcano‌
      Toph: I don&#x27;t know. For earthbending, (Camera slowly zooms in on Toph’s
      face)
      the original benders were badgermoles.

      (Cut to a flashback. A younger Toph in her fancy gown is seen kneeling in
      a dark cave.)

      Toph: (voiceover) One day, when I was little, I ran away and hid in a
      cave.

      (Cut to young Toph who is crying. The screen suddenly rumbles and a wall
      behind Toph explodes. She opens her eyes in shock and fear. Camera cuts to
      the back of Toph. The cloud of dust settles and a foot of a badgermole
      stomps into screen.)

      Toph: That&#x27;s where I met them.

      (Toph cringes in fear. The badgermole’s snout comes into screen and sniffs
      the little girl. Toph sniffs back and the badgermole licks her cheek with
      its giant tongue and she giggles with delight. She feels the badgermole’s
      snout with both hands before licking it and giggles once again.)

      Toph: They were blind, just like me, (The badgermole moves away from Toph
      and she attempts to crawl after it) so we understood each other. I was
      able to learn earthbending, (Cut to the top view of the badgermole which
      moves its paws in a sweeping motion) not just as a martial art, but as an
      extension of my senses. (Camera fades in to the top view of Toph who is
      mimicking its actions) For them, the original earthbenders, (The
      badgermole senses a pile of rocks and earthbends them to the side) it
      wasn&#x27;t just about fighting. It was their way of interacting with the
      World.

      (Toph stops crawling and stands up. She earthbends a small boulder and
      smiles at her success)

      (Camera fades back to Toph in the temple)

      Aang: (off screen) That&#x27;s amazing, Toph. I learned from the monks, but the
      original airbenders were the Sky Bison. (Camera slowly zooms out from the
      group to show a mural of 3 sky bisons overlooking the campfire.) Maybe you
      can give me a lesson sometime buddy. (Cut back to Aang who leans back to
      address Appa. Appa growls in acknowledgement.)
      Zuko: Well, this doesn&#x27;t help me. The original firebenders were the
      dragons, and they&#x27;re extinct.
      Aang: What do you mean‌ Roku had a dragon, and there were plenty of
      dragons when I was a kid.
      Zuko: (defensive) Well, they aren&#x27;t around anymore, okay‌
      Aang: Ok, ok. (moves his arm around in an appeasing gesture) I&#x27;m sorry.
      Zuko: But maybe there&#x27;s another way. (walks towards the fountain) The
      first people to learn from the dragons were the ancient Sun Warriors.
      Aang: (He comes into screen and joins Zuko) Sun Warriors‌ Well, I know
      they weren&#x27;t around when I was a kid.
      Zuko: No, they died off thousands of years ago, but their civilization
      wasn&#x27;t too far from where we are now. Maybe we can learn something by
      poking around their ruins.
      Aang: It&#x27;s like the monks used to tell me. Sometimes, the shadows of the
      past can be felt by the present.
      Sokka: (off screen) So, what‌ (Zuko and Aang turn their head towards the
      voice) Maybe you&#x27;ll pick up some super old Sun Warrior energy just by
      standing (moving his hand in a fluttering motion) where they stood 1000
      years ago‌
      Zuko: More or less. Either I find a new way to firebend, or the Avatar has
      to find a new teacher. (Aang looks worried)

      (Cut to commercial break)

      Act II

      (The show returns to Appa flying over a vast ocean. Cut to Zuko who looks
      bored)

      Zuko: We&#x27;ve been riding for hours. I don&#x27;t know why, but I thought this
      thing would be a lot faster. (He looks down and the camera zooms out to
      show Appa’s underbelly. Appa growls.)
      Aang: Appa&#x27;s right, Zuko. In our group, typically we start out our
      missions with a more upbeat attitude.
      Zuko: (in a low voice) I can&#x27;t believe this. (sighs and rests his head on
      the boat)
      Aang: Don&#x27;t worry. You&#x27;ll get the hang of it.

      (Appa pushes his tail down to gain some speed and soars through the cloud
      at a faster speed. Cut to Appa nearing an island. Cut again to him nearing
      a bunch of ruins with a very impressive architecture similar to that of
      the Mayans)

      (Simultaneously, with looks of surprise on their faces)

      Zuko and Aang: Whoa!

      (Cut to Appa descending on to the ruins)

      Zuko: (off screen) Even though these buildings are ancient, (The camera is
      facing a vast plain of grass, it slowly pans down towards the ruins. Aang
      and Zuko are seen walking in a small “valley”) there&#x27;s something eerily
      familiar about them. I can tell the Fire Sages’ temples are somehow
      descended from these.
      Aang: (off screen) Ok, we learned something about architecture. (The
      camera pans around the various structures. Cut back to the duo.)
      Hopefully, we&#x27;ll learn something about firebending too. The past can be a
      great teacher.

      (Aang’s foot nears a black wire and he trips it. He yells in surprise. The
      ground in front of them drops to reveal a bed of black, deadly spikes.
      Aang exhales a huge gust of air from his mouth to prevent himself from
      falling into the trap and propels himself across it, landing rather
      shakingly to the other side. He struggles to control his balance, flailing
      his arms about. Aang pushes himself forward and regains control.)

      Aang: (frightened) Zuko, I think the past is trying to kill me.
      Zuko: (He kneels down and inspects the wire) I can&#x27;t believe it. This
      booby trap must be centuries old, and it still works.
      Aang: There&#x27;s probably a lot more. Maybe this means we shouldn&#x27;t be here.

      (Zuko takes a step back and starts to run on a wall and lands in front of
      Aang.)

      Zuko: (dusting himself) Where&#x27;s that upbeat attitude you were talking
      about‌ Besides, people don&#x27;t make traps unless they&#x27;ve got something worth
      protecting.

      (Camera slowly pans upwards to a rather grand and elaborate structure that
      seems to be intact. Cut to Zuko and Aang making it to the top of the
      structure.)

      Aang: Look. This seems promising. (Camera zooms out to reveal a carving of
      a person in the middle being surrounded by concentric circles of fire
      breathed out by 2 dragons on each side of him.) Though I&#x27;m not sure what
      this tells us about the original source of firebending.
      Zuko: They look pretty angry to me. (Cut to a close-up of the carving)
      Aang: I thought the dragons were friends with the Sun Warriors.
      Zuko: Well, they had a funny way of showing it. (he looks away and takes a
      few steps before he’s interrupted by Aang)
      Aang: Zuko, something happened to the dragons in the last 100 years.
      Something you&#x27;re not telling me.
      Zuko: My great-grandfather Sozin happened.

      (Cut to the boys walking across a stone bridge with dragon protrusions at
      the side.)

      Zuko: He started the tradition of hunting dragons for glory. They were the
      ultimate firebenders. And if you could conquer one, your firebending
      talents would become legendary, and you&#x27;d earn the honorary title
      &quot;Dragon&quot;. (They reach the end of the bridge. They’re 2 dragon statues at
      the end. One of the statues is missing a head.) The last great dragon was
      conquered long before I was born, (Cut to the dragon statue’s eye and Zuko
      pats the eye of the decapitated head.) by my Uncle.
      Aang: But I thought your Uncle was, I don&#x27;t know, good‌
      Zuko: He had a complicated past. Family tradition, I guess. Let&#x27;s just
      move on.

      (Camera zooms out to show the distance between the dragon statue’s head
      and its neck. Fade out to a column with a red jewel embedded in the
      centre. The column is positioned in front of a structure with 2 yellow
      doors. Zuko and Aang walk towards the doors. Aang walks towards them,
      drops his staff and attempts to open them with his bare hands to no
      avail.)

      Aang: It&#x27;s locked up.

      (Zuko touches his head, looks behind and steps aside to reveal the red
      jewel from the column beaming light on his head.)

      Zuko: Wait. (He steps aside to reveal the beam of red light resting on a
      circle on the ground) It&#x27;s a celestial calendar. Just like the Fire Sages
      have in their temples. I bet that Sun Stone opens the door, but only when
      sunlight hits it at just the right angle, on the solstice. (Camera cuts to
      a red stone on the door)
      Aang: (exasperated) Monkey feathers! The solstice again‌ We can&#x27;t wait
      here that long.

      Zuko: No we can&#x27;t. (unsheathes his broadsword and lays it in the path of
      the red beam.) But we might be able to speed time up. Let&#x27;s see if we can
      outsmart the Sun Stone.

      (He attempts to adjust his sword. The beam of light is seen moving shakily
      across the doors and successfully hits the Sun Stone. It glows brightly.)

      Aang: Nothing&#x27;s happening.
      Zuko: (Cut back to Zuko who is holding his sword in place) Come on...

      (The screen starts to shake and the camera cuts to the area behind the
      door. The rumbling stops and the door opens to reveal Aang standing in
      front of it.)

      Aang: (picking up his staff) You know, Zuko, I don&#x27;t care (Zuko sheathes
      his sword) what everyone else says about you, (nudges him) you&#x27;re pretty
      smart.

      (Zuko smiles. Aang walks in and squints his eyes. Camera suddenly cuts to
      a statue with an angry face. Cut back to Aang who gasps in surprise.)

      Zuko: Relax. They&#x27;re just statues.

      (Camera zooms up to reveal a ring of statues in various fighting
      positions. Camera gives a top view of the room. The positions of one half
      of the ring of statues is symmetrical to the other half.)

      Aang: (scratches his head and reads the description at the foot of the
      statue) It says this is something called The Dancing Dragon.

      (He lays his staff against the statue, takes a step-back and imitates the
      crane-posture of the statue. A plate sinks under his feet as he does so.
      Aang takes a step off the plate to observe it and the plate moves back
      into position. He looks around at the remaining statues.)

      Aang: (runs and grabs Zuko by his elbow) Zuko, get over here. I want you
      to dance with me. (tries to pull Zuko along)
      Zuko: (he pulls back his arm in shock) What‌
      Aang: Just do it. (grabs and drags him away)

      (Cut to the backview of the boys, they’re standing behind the statues.
      Zuko groans)

      Aang: Let&#x27;s follow the steps of the statues.

      (Both of them step on the first plate and move on to the next. Cut to
      Zuko’s boot stepping on the second plate. He looks surprised.)

      Aang: Don&#x27;t you see‌ (Camera cuts to the top-view of the room) These
      aren&#x27;t dance moves. These statues are giving us a lesson. (both of them
      move in synchronization as he speaks) I think this is some kind of Sun
      Warrior firebending form. (Cut to Zuko moving along the line of statues
      and the camera shows his feet moving from plate to plate)
      Zuko: (Zuko gets into punching position and move into another position
      with his arms spread in a low arc above his shoulders.) This better teach
      us some really good firebending.

      (Cut to Aang who is doing the same 2 moves. He gets into a position with
      his arms stretched forward. Cut to Aang bending his torso to the right
      with his fists out-stretch and Zuko doing a mirror image. A sound echoes
      in the room and a hole appears in the centre of the room and both turn to
      look at it. A pedestal with a golden egg-like object ascends from the hole
      and glints in the light.)

      Aang: (raises both arms in victory) Hurray! Wait. (rubs his head) What
      exactly is that‌
      Zuko: It&#x27;s some kind of mystical gem stone. (runs towards the pedestal)
      Aang: Well, don&#x27;t touch it! (raises his arms as a warning and Zuko stops
      in his tracks)
      Zuko: Why not‌
      Aang: Remember what happened out there with those spikes‌ (looks at the
      side and raises his arms) I&#x27;m just very suspicious of giant, glowing gems
      sitting on pedestals.

      (Zuko ignores him and removes the gem stone off the pedestal. Aang’s
      eyebrow twitches.)

      Zuko: It feels almost alive.

      (He tries to put back the gem stone and yells in surprise as a jet of
      green goo spurts out from the pedestal and pushes Zuko towards the grating
      in the ceiling, sticking him there.)

      Aang: (looks at the door closing) Oh, no, it&#x27;s another trap!

      (More green goo starts to flow from the pedestal and Aang backs away
      cautiously. Cut to Zuko who has his back stuck to the grating and
      struggles to break free but he and the gemstone are held tight by the goo.
      )

      Zuko: Ugh, I can&#x27;t pull free. It&#x27;s like some kind of glue. (struggles
      again)

      (Aang jumps across the goo to grab his staff on the other side of the
      room. He jumps up on the statue’s head and airbends a strong gust of wind
      toward Zuko in an attempt to free him. The force from the wind only pushes
      moves Zuko from his back to his front but he is still stuck. The goo is
      rapidly rising and Aang tries to pull his staff out of the goo to no
      avail. He jumps up toward the grating as the goo rapidly engulfs the
      room.)

      Aang: (tries to budge the metal bars) I can&#x27;t move. Zuko, do something!
      Zuko: Me‌ I can&#x27;t move either.

      (Cut to the camera inside the room and showing that the goo is nearing
      both boys. Cut to the top of the grating where they groan in discomfort as
      a result from the pressure of the goo pushing them against the grating.
      The goo suddenly stops pressing against them.)

      Aang: It stopped.
      Zuko: At least we have air. Maybe if we stay calm we can figure a way out
      of this.

      (Camera cuts to the top view of the grating and slowly zooms out. Fade to
      night at the ruins. Cut to both boys who are still in the same position
      few hours earlier.)

      Aang: You had to pick up the glowing egg, didn&#x27;t you‌
      Zuko: At least I made something happen. If it were up to you, we&#x27;d never
      have made it pass the courtyard.
      Aang: (opens his mouth widely) Help!
      Zuko: Who are you yelling to‌ Nobody&#x27;s lived here for centuries.
      Aang: Well, what do you think we should do‌
      Zuko: Think about our place in the Universe‌

      (Cut to the side of the grating. Aang sighs. A foot wearing a sandal steps
      into screen.)

      Sun Warrior Chief: Who is down there‌

      (Cut to the boys’ point of view as they see a man in tribal gear wearing a
      Chieftian’s hat and warpaint on his face. Cut to a close-up shot of the
      man. Cut to both boys who are shocked by a presence of a person in the
      supposedly abandoned ruins. Cut to a shot of the structure where the
      gem-stone room was. Cut to Zuko and Aang who are freed but still covered
      in goo. Anteater-like animals sit on either side of them and lick the goo
      off. Camera cuts to the top view of the screen. They are surrounded by
      concentric semi-circles of men and women wearing gear identical to the
      Chief’s. 4 warriors can be seen holding a small flame in their hands.)

      Sun Warrior Chief: For trying to take our Sun Stone, you must be severely
      punished!
      Zuko: (Cut to Zuko who still has a small spot of goo on his chin) We
      didn&#x27;t come here to take your Sun Stone. We came here to find the ancient
      origin of all firebending.
      Ham Gao: (Cut back to the top view and a man beside the Chief steps
      forward) Yeah, right. They are obviously thieves, here to steal Sun
      Warrior treasures. (Cut to a close-up shot of him as he holds the Sun
      stone tightly in his arms.)
      Aang: Please, I don&#x27;t normally play this card, but... (looking confident
      and places a hand on his chest) I&#x27;m the Avatar.

      (Cut to the Ham Gao looking towards the Chief, puzzled. Aang stands up and
      gives a weak smile.)

      Aang: Just hear us out.
      Zuko: My name is Zuko, Crown Prince of the Fire Nation. Or at least, I
      used to be. I know my people have distorted the ways of firebending,
      (camera pans across the group of warriors) to be fueled by anger and rage.
      But now I want to learn the true way, (cut back to Zuko who looks
      remorseful) the original way. When we came here, I never imagined (camera
      zooms out to show the group of warriors surrounding the trespassers) the
      Sun Warrior civilization was secretly alive. I am truly humbled to be in
      your presence. (Cut back to Zuko again) Please, teach us. (he and Aang bow
      their heads down in respect)

      Sun Warrior Chief: (cut to the Chief’s face, the camera slowly zooms in)
      If you wish to learn the ways of the Sun, you must learn them from the
      masters Ran and Shao.
      Aang: Ran and Shao‌ There are two of them‌
      Sun Warrior Chief: (steps in front of them) When you present yourselves to
      them, they will examine you. They&#x27;ll read your hearts, your souls, and
      your ancestry. (takes a step towards Zuko and towers over him) If they
      deem you worthy, (cut to Zuko who looks extremely worried) they&#x27;ll teach
      you. If they don&#x27;t, (camera zooms back slowly on the Chief’s face) you&#x27;ll
      be destroyed on the spot. (The Chief steps back after finishing his
      lecture. Aang and Zuko look at each other)

      (Cut to commercial break)

      Act III

      (Scene opens up the next day with a shot towards the main structure.)

      Sun Warrior Chief: (off screen) If you&#x27;re going to see the masters,
      (camera zooms in on a fire at the top most dome. Cut to an overhead shot
      of the warriors standing in concentric semi-circles again. Zuko and Aang
      are right in front and the Chief appears to be standing in front of a fire
      source.) you must bring them a piece of the eternal flame. (camera cuts to
      the back of the Chief. The eternal flame is burning fiercely.) This fire
      is the very first one. (raises his arms in pride and turns back towards
      the duo) It was given to Man by the dragons. We have kept it going for
      thousands of years.
      Zuko: (bewildered) I don&#x27;t believe it.
      Sun Warrior Chief: You will each take a piece of it to the masters,
      (camera pans around the fire source, the warriors are seated around the
      flame) to show your commitment to the sacred art of firebending.
      Aang: (unsure) Um, Mister Sun Chief, sir‌ Yeah... I&#x27;m not a firebender
      yet. Couldn&#x27;t my friend here carry my fire for me‌
      Sun Warrior Chief: (sternly) No. (turns back to the fire.)

      (Cut to Aang who looks rather uneasy. Cut to the Chief’s hand and he
      “pulls” the fire towards his palms.)

      Sun Warrior Chief: This ritual illustrates the essence of Sun Warrior
      philosophy. (turns a full circle and splits the fire equally in to 2.) You
      must maintain a constant heat. (cut to Aang who stares at the flame,
      transfixed.) The flame will go out if you make it too small. (he cringes)
      Make it too big, and you might lose control. (cut to Zuko who is staring
      coolly at the flame and proceeds to cradle the flame in his hands. He
      looks at Aang.)

      (Cut to a side-view of Aang who still hasn’t collected his flame.)

      Aang: I&#x27;m sorry. I&#x27;m just a little nervous. (he proceeds to gather it into
      his hands. The fire grows slightly and he looks relieved and in awe.) It&#x27;s
      like a little heartbeat.
      Sun Warrior Chief: Fire is life, not just destruction. (cut to Aang who
      reassures himself with a smile) . You will take your flames up there. (The
      Chief points to a rocky mountain nearby and the boys turn their heads
      toward that direction) The cave of the masters is beneath that rock.
      (Camera slowly zooms in on the mountain)

      (Camera fades in to reveal the duo trudging through a forest. Fade in to
      another shot of a steep grassy incline. Fade to Zuko who has reached the
      top of the incline and turns back to Aang who is lagging quite a distance
      behind.)

      Zuko: Hurry up.
      Aang: I can&#x27;t. (Places one hand on the rock) If I walk too fast, my flame
      will go out. (looks back at his rather small flame)
      Zuko: Your flame&#x27;s gonna go out because it&#x27;s too small. You&#x27;re too timid.
      Give it more juice.
      Aang: (climbs up and looks worriedly at Zuko) But what if I can&#x27;t control
      it‌
      Zuko: You can do it. I know you can. You&#x27;re a talented kid.

      (Camera cuts to Aang who smiles. He pushes himself up and continues to
      follow Zuko. Camera zooms in slowly towards the mountain.

      Fade to dusk and Zuko and Aang have just arrived at their destination. The
      warriors are already there and are poised in an alternating standing and
      sitting position. Camera zooms up to show the U-shaped rock with a bridge
      in the centre.)

      Sun Warrior Chief: (walks towards them) Facing the judgment of the
      firebending masters will be very dangerous for you. Your ancestors (cut to
      Zuko’s face) are directly responsible for the dragons’ disappearance.
      (Zuko looks towards the side in shame) The masters might not be so happy
      to see you.
      Ham Gao: (places his hand on his hip, trying to intimidate Zuko) I know I
      wouldn&#x27;t be.
      Aang: (interrupts) But once they find out I&#x27;m the Avatar...
      Sun Warrior Chief: Have you forgotten that you vanished allowing the Fire
      Nation to wreak havoc on the world‌ The decline of the dragons is your
      burden too. (cut to Aang who also turns his head away)

      (The Chief drives his staff into the ground and Sun warriors get into a
      “ready” position at either side of the staff. It is noted that both
      warriors are mirror image of each other. The Chief grabs a section from
      each flame and places it on the Sun Warriors’ palms. They move away and
      the Chief removes his staff. Cut to a warrior who receives a flame and
      bends it around in a circle a few times before the next warrior who is
      standing bends a small part of the flame towards her and repeats the
      process.)

      Aang: We could turn back now. We&#x27;ve already learned more about fire than
      we hoped. (shows Zuko that he can handle his fire and gives a weak smile)
      Zuko: No, we&#x27;re seeing this through to the end. We&#x27;re gonna meet these
      masters and find out what&#x27;s so great about them.
      Aang: What if they judge us and attack us‌
      Zuko: Well, we&#x27;re the Fire Prince and the Avatar. (unsheathes his
      broadswords slightly to emphasize his point and smiles) I think we can
      take these guys in a fight, whoever they are. (Cut to Aang who nods but is
      still uneasy.)

      (Camera zooms out to reveal the warriors completing the passing of the
      flame.)

      Zuko: (he steps forward with confidence) Bring &#x27;em out.
      Sun Warrior Chief: (opens his hand to the side) Chanters!

      (Music from the ending credits of the show play and the warriors who are
      sitting down beat in synchronized rhythm on their drums. Cut to the
      warriors holding the circle of flame remaining in their positions. Zuko
      and Aang’s footwear walk into screen. Cut to the other half of the circle
      and the warriors are rising and bowing alternatively. Cut to the boys who
      are nearing the steps. Cut to a shot of the flight of steps. The Chief and
      the 2 warriors step aside to let them pass.

      Zuko and Aang glance at each other and both take a deep breath before
      ascending. Cut to the warriors who are still beating the drums. Cut to
      Zuko and Aang climbing the steps. Aang looks back, seemingly wanting to go
      back but he presses forward with a “I’ve got no choice” look on his face.
      Cut to the side of the stairs to show that they’re halfway there. Cut to
      the Chief looking at their progress at the bottom. Cut to Zuko and Aang
      who are nearing the top with the setting Sun shining upon them in the
      background. The music stops when they reach the top. Both of them look at
      the caves on each side of the bridge.)

      Sun Warrior: (using a megaphone-like object to amplify his voice) Those
      who wish to meet the masters Ran and Shao will now present their fire.

      (Aang and Zuko turn towards the caves and bow down with their hands
      extended in front of them. Camera zooms out to show them being silhouetted
      by the setting Sun.)

      Sun Warrior Chief: (off-screen) Sound the call.

      (A warrior takes a deep breath and blows into a wind instrument. The loud
      sound it produces sends a flock of birds scattering in the background. The
      cave Aang is facing rumbles and vibrates as the rocks dislodge. He
      trembles in fear. Aang accidentally places his hand down, extinguishing
      his flame and turns towards Zuko.)

      Aang: What&#x27;s happening‌

      (He looks at Zuko’s cave which remains undisturbed. Zuko turns and gives
      Aang a puzzled look. Aang quickly returns back into his “flame-giving”
      position. He realized that his flame is gone and gasps, turning back
      towards Zuko again.)

      Aang: (whispers) Zuko, my fire went out.
      Zuko: (whispers back) What do you want me to do‌
      Aang: Give me some of yours. (He reaches for Zuko’s fire and Zuko gently
      pushes him back)
      Zuko: No, just make your own.
      Aang: I can&#x27;t. (reaches for his flame)
      Zuko: Get some from one of those warriors. (camera zooms out to gives a
      top view of what’s happening. It seems like his whispers can be heard from
      the bottom) Hurry. Stop cheating off me! (his voice is raised and camera
      cuts back to the Chief who has seemed to have heard the commotion and
      exchanges looks with another warrior)
      Aang: (irritated) Quit being stingy!

      (Aang continues to reach for Zuko’s flame but is unable to do so due to
      the differences between their heights. Zuko raises his arms higher so the
      flame remains out of Aang’s reach and Aang tries to grab it by sticking
      close to Zuko’s back and flailing his arms. He uses two hands to grab the
      flame from under Zuko’s armpits and they struggle briefly before Zuko
      drops his hand, extinguishing the flame. They look at each other, unsure.

      Cut to the camera inside one of the caves and the screen shakes at the
      cave rumbles. Zoom in onto the boys who look troubled. They turn their
      heads towards the other cave and the camera zooms in on the black
      emptiness within.)

      (Together)

      Aang and Zuko: Uh-oh.

      (A pair of yellow eyes glow in the dark and suddenly, a red dragon roars
      and shoots out of the cave. It circles around the bridge and the duo. Cut
      to the boys who are overwhelmed by the powerful winds and pressure and
      stagger slightly. Cut to Zuko who looks shocked and follows the dragon’s
      trail.

      Cut to a blue dragon flying out of the other cave and joins its partner in
      circling around each other, the bridge and boys.)

      Zuko: These are the masters.
      Aang: (whispers) You still think we can take &#x27;em‌
      Zuko: Shh. I never said that.

      (Zoom out to the bottom of the bridge where the dragons are still circling
      in the air and generating powerful winds. Camera slowly pans down to the
      warriors and all of them bow down. Cut to Ham Gao and the Chief.)

      Ham Gao: Oh, here it comes. (looks up at the boys) Any moment now… dinner
      for the masters.
      Sun Warrior Chief: (turns his head towards Ham Gao and chides) Quiet, Ham
      Gao.
      Ham Gao: What‌ (sulks and turns his head away) Everyone&#x27;s thinking it.

      (Cut to the bridge where the dragons are still flying in an elaborate
      formation of turns, twists and curves. Cut to Aang who is deep in
      thought.)

      Aang: (whispers) Zuko, I think we&#x27;re supposed to do The Dragon Dance with
      them.
      Zuko: What‌ What about this situation that you think they want us to
      dance‌
      Aang: Well, I think they want us to do something. Let’s just try it.
      Zuko: Fine.

      (They get into the first position of The Dragon Dance and proceed to the
      next. Cut to Aang spreading his arms out and the blue dragon behind him
      following the shape of his arms. Aang turns his arms to his side and the
      dragon turns as well. Camera zooms out to show that the dragons are
      performing the same movements and are symmetrical to one another.

      Cut to Zuko who pushes his hand up and the red dragon behind him angles
      upwards as well. Zuko dips and the dragon dives down as well. Zoom out to
      show the boys slowly heading towards on another and the dragons
      complementing their movements. Finally, the camera zooms in on them as
      they get into their final pose. Camera zooms out to show the dragons have
      stopped and are flapping their wings on either side of the bridge.)

      Sun Warrior Chief: Judgment time.

      (Cut to the blue dragon which snarles at Zuko. Aang is visibly trembling.
      Zuko looks at it, mouth agape. Aang gives out a series of timid, unsure
      shrieks. Camera zooms out to give a side view of the bridge and the 2
      dragons settle into another position with their legs being anchored at the
      bottom of the bridge and their arms supporting their weight at the top.
      Cut to the red dragon and it beings to breathe fire out of its mouth. Cut
      to the blue dragon which does the same. Cut to Zuko and Aang who yell in
      fear as they are engulfed by a rapidly rising multi-colored flame.

      Cut to the camera looking up the eye of the vortex. It slowly pans down to
      the boys who remain in their positions, shell-shocked at the sight. Cut to
      the side of the bridge where the dragons have angled their mouths up, fire
      still being breathed out. Camera pans up to the swirling vortex of rainbow
      flames. Cut to the inside of the vortex and the duo stare at the scene in
      wonder. Cut to Aang’s eyes and an orange color reflects off his pupils and
      he gasps in amazement.)

      Zuko: (realization) I understand.

      (The flame slowly dissipates and the dragons curl their bodies, spring up
      and circle each other one final time before they retreat to their caves.
      Cut to the boys who still remain on the bridge. Cut to Ham Gao who looks
      annoyed that nothing has happened to them. Cut to one of the warriors
      holding the circle of fire as he moves his arm in a circle, extinguishing
      the flame and ending his hands in a position demonstrated by Ms Kwan in
      “The Headband”. Cut to the top view of the scene, Zuko and Aang can be
      seen as tiny figures slowly descending on the steps.)

      Zuko: Their fire was beautiful. I saw so many colors, colors I&#x27;ve never
      imagined.
      Aang: Like firebending harmony.
      Sun Warrior Chief: Yes. They judged you, and gave you visions of the
      meaning of firebending.
      Zuko: I can&#x27;t believe there are still living dragons. My Uncle Iroh said
      he faced the last dragon and killed it.
      Aang: So, your Uncle lied.
      Sun Warrior Chief: Actually, (Cut to the Chief who is smiling) it wasn&#x27;t a
      total lie. Iroh was the last outsider to face the masters. They deemed him
      worthy and passed the secret onto him as well. (Zuko’s eyes widen in
      surprise)
      Zuko: He must have lied to protect them, so no one else would hunt them.
      Aang: All this time, I thought firebending was destruction. Since I hurt
      Katara, I&#x27;ve been too afraid and hesitant. But now I know what it really
      is… it&#x27;s energy, and life.
      Zuko: Yeah. It&#x27;s like the Sun, (his hand curls into a fist) but inside of
      you. Do you guys realize this‌ (extends both arms outward)
      Sun Warrior Chief: Well, our civilization is called the Sun Warriors… so
      yeah.
      Zuko: That&#x27;s why my firebending was so weak before. Because for so many
      years, hunting you (turns towards Aang) was my drive… it was my purpose.
      So when I joined you, I lost sight of my inner fire. But now, I have a new
      drive. I have to help you (camera zooms in towards Zuko’s determined face)
      defeat my father and restore balance to the world.

      (Zuko firebends twice with a rather large sized flame. Aang follows his
      example and bends. His flame is large as well. Camera cuts to Aang’s face
      as he finally conquers his fears. Cut to both of them who walk towards
      each other, happy at their achievement.)

      Sun Warrior Chief: Now that you have learned the secrets, and you know
      about our tribe&#x27;s existence, (his face suddenly turns serious) we have no
      choice but to imprison you here forever. (cut to the boys who open their
      mouths in shock. Cut back to the Chief who smiles) Just kidding. (The
      duo’s postures relax) But seriously, (looks serious) don&#x27;t tell anyone!

      (Camera cuts back to the upside down pagodas in the Western Air Temple)

      Aang: (off-screen) With this technique the dragons showed us, Zuko and I
      would be unstoppable. (cut to Zuko and Aang who are demonstrating The
      Dragon Dance and they’re firebending at each step. They get into their
      final pose and the group applauds.)
      Sokka: Yeah, that&#x27;s a great dance you two learned there.
      Zuko: (defensive) It&#x27;s not a dance. It&#x27;s a firebending form.
      Sokka: We&#x27;ll just tap-dance (moves his fingers in a dancing motion) our
      way to victory over the Fire Lord.
      Zuko: (walks towards Sokka) It&#x27;s a sacred form that happens to be
      thousands of years old!
      Katara: Oh yeah‌ What&#x27;s your little form called‌
      Zuko: (embarrassed) The Dancing Dragon.

      (The group laughs. Cut back to Zuko’s face as he tries to still his temper
      and releases it as a shrug. Fade to white.)

      [End Credits]
</pre></td>
      <td><pre class="script">
第十三回
御火宗师

27
00:01:23,992 --&gt; 00:01:24,992
我知道你很紧张

28
00:01:25,292 --&gt; 00:01:26,092
不过你要记住

29
00:01:26,592 --&gt; 00:01:29,892
归根结底，御火术并没有什么好怕的

30
00:01:31,992 --&gt; 00:01:32,942
好的

31
00:01:32,992 --&gt; 00:01:34,492
没什么好怕的

32
00:01:34,592 --&gt; 00:01:35,992
不过你也不能轻视它

33
00:01:36,192 --&gt; 00:01:39,192
否则你定会葬身于科莫多犀牛的怒火之中
（祖寇以前的坐骑）

34
00:01:40,492 --&gt; 00:01:41,792
现在亮几招御火术瞧瞧

35
00:01:42,392 --&gt; 00:01:43,992
让我看看你现在是啥水平

36
00:01:51,542 --&gt; 00:01:53,492
不如你再给我讲解一下要领吧

37
00:01:54,242 --&gt; 00:01:55,642
能做个示范就更好了

38
00:01:55,992 --&gt; 00:01:56,992
那好吧

39
00:01:57,242 --&gt; 00:01:59,092
你最好退后一点免得烧到你

40
00:02:05,892 --&gt; 00:02:06,942
我这是咋的了？

41
00:02:07,292 --&gt; 00:02:09,392
这简直是我见过的最差的御火术了

42
00:02:10,342 --&gt; 00:02:12,042
我觉得还....还可以

43
00:02:17,642 --&gt; 00:02:18,742
为什么会这样？

44
00:02:19,442 --&gt; 00:02:20,842
可能是因为这儿海拔太高了吧

45
00:02:21,592 --&gt; 00:02:23,592
可能是吧

46
00:02:32,842 --&gt; 00:02:33,992
注意呼吸

47
00:02:34,142 --&gt; 00:02:34,892
然后

48
00:02:37,392 --&gt; 00:02:38,842
刚才那下不错的

49
00:02:39,092 --&gt; 00:02:40,292
别瞎拍马屁！

50
00:02:40,342 --&gt; 00:02:41,892
你应该知道那招本来的威力的

51
00:02:42,092 --&gt; 00:02:43,442
抱歉，“热血”师傅

52
00:02:43,592 --&gt; 00:02:44,992
别那么叫我！

53
00:02:49,242 --&gt; 00:02:50,092
好啊，笨蛋们

54
00:02:50,292 --&gt; 00:02:53,492
介意我在这儿观赏你们两个笨蛋练习“御笨术”吗？

55
00:02:53,992 --&gt; 00:02:55,242
滚开

56
00:02:55,592 --&gt; 00:02:58,142
好吧，别生气，我只是开个玩笑嘛

57
00:02:59,942 --&gt; 00:03:01,992
“御笨术”，我真是太有才了

58
00:03:14,742 --&gt; 00:03:15,742
各位

59
00:03:16,242 --&gt; 00:03:17,742
我有个坏消息

60
00:03:18,142 --&gt; 00:03:19,292
我有样东西不见了

61
00:03:19,892 --&gt; 00:03:22,492
看我干嘛，我可不稀罕碰你的东西

62
00:03:23,492 --&gt; 00:03:25,192
我说的是我的御火术

63
00:03:25,842 --&gt; 00:03:26,842
我使不出来了

64
00:03:30,442 --&gt; 00:03:33,042
抱歉啊，不过这真的是有点讽刺，不是吗

65
00:03:33,192 --&gt; 00:03:37,242
要知道，我们老早以前就期盼着废了你的御术来着

66
00:03:37,642 --&gt; 00:03:39,402
也不是完全用不出来了，只是...

67
00:03:39,942 --&gt; 00:03:41,442
不知怎么变弱了

68
00:03:41,692 --&gt; 00:03:44,192
也许你只是没有自己想象的那么厉害罢了

69
00:03:45,142 --&gt; 00:03:45,842
哎哟！

70
00:03:48,442 --&gt; 00:03:50,442
可能是因为我改换了阵营吧

71
00:03:50,792 --&gt; 00:03:52,142
真是无稽之谈

72
00:03:52,592 --&gt; 00:03:54,792
我不知道，可能不是那个原因吧

73
00:03:55,042 --&gt; 00:03:57,542
也许你的御火术本是由愤怒来催动的

74
00:03:57,892 --&gt; 00:04:00,892
你的心态现在平和了许多，所以御术的功力就减弱了

75
00:04:01,492 --&gt; 00:04:04,842
这么说，我们惹祖寇生气不就得了

76
00:04:05,042 --&gt; 00:04:05,742
这太简单了

77
00:04:09,292 --&gt; 00:04:10,642
够了，别闹了

78
00:04:10,992 --&gt; 00:04:15,492
即便你是对的，我也不愿意
再回到那种与愤怒为伴的生活了

79
00:04:15,892 --&gt; 00:04:17,292
肯定有其他解决办法的

80
00:04:17,442 --&gt; 00:04:20,592
你需要找到其他可以催动御火术的方法

81
00:04:20,992 --&gt; 00:04:23,392
最好能找到御火术的本源

82
00:04:23,842 --&gt; 00:04:25,292
那他该怎么做呢？

83
00:04:25,342 --&gt; 00:04:27,142
跳进火山口行吗？

84
00:04:27,392 --&gt; 00:04:27,992
瞎说

85
00:04:28,442 --&gt; 00:04:32,212
祖寇需要对御火术追根溯源，找到其力量的来源

86
00:04:32,592 --&gt; 00:04:34,942
所以说嘛，跳进火山口不就得了

87
00:04:34,992 --&gt; 00:04:35,792
我不清楚具体该咋做

88
00:04:36,342 --&gt; 00:04:38,942
不过就御土术而言，最初的御土师其实是獾鼠

89
00:04:40,142 --&gt; 00:04:43,292
还记得小时候有一次，我离家出走误入了一个山洞

90
00:04:47,842 --&gt; 00:04:48,842
我在那里遇见了獾鼠

91
00:04:59,242 --&gt; 00:05:01,092
它们和我一样，眼睛什么都看不见

92
00:05:01,442 --&gt; 00:05:02,942
所以我们能互相了解

93
00:05:03,692 --&gt; 00:05:05,392
对我来说，御土术并不只是一门武功

94
00:05:05,792 --&gt; 00:05:07,342
而更像是对我感觉的一种延伸

95
00:05:07,842 --&gt; 00:05:09,842
了解到这些，学会御土术简直就是轻而易举

96
00:05:10,692 --&gt; 00:05:14,892
对于那些原始的御土者来说，御术并不只是用来争斗的

97
00:05:15,642 --&gt; 00:05:17,792
而是用来与世界进行交流的工具

98
00:05:20,192 --&gt; 00:05:21,542
说得好，拓芙

99
00:05:22,242 --&gt; 00:05:25,792
我是从僧侣们那儿学会的御气术，
不过飞天野牛才是御气师的本宗

100
00:05:26,242 --&gt; 00:05:28,742
伙计，没准你哪天可以教我几招哩

101
00:05:30,442 --&gt; 00:05:31,642
可是，这方法对我没用

102
00:05:32,192 --&gt; 00:05:34,092
最初的御火师是龙

103
00:05:34,442 --&gt; 00:05:35,542
它们已经灭绝了

104
00:05:35,842 --&gt; 00:05:36,842
怎么会呢？

105
00:05:37,042 --&gt; 00:05:40,642
罗库大师就有一条，我小的时候龙到处都有

106
00:05:40,942 --&gt; 00:05:42,692
不跟你说过了吗，他们都灭绝了

107
00:05:42,992 --&gt; 00:05:44,942
好的，好的，抱歉

108
00:05:45,242 --&gt; 00:05:47,042
也许还有其他的解决方法

109
00:05:47,442 --&gt; 00:05:50,942
最早人类使用的御火术
是古太阳武士从龙那模仿而来

110
00:05:51,842 --&gt; 00:05:53,092
太阳武士？

111
00:05:53,392 --&gt; 00:05:55,942
我小时候就没有太阳武士了

112
00:05:56,342 --&gt; 00:05:57,042
没错

113
00:05:57,342 --&gt; 00:05:59,242
他们绝迹于几千年前

114
00:05:59,942 --&gt; 00:06:02,942
不过他们的文明与当代的差别并不很大

115
00:06:03,442 --&gt; 00:06:06,042
也许咱们可以在他们生活的遗址中
探寻到可以借鉴的东西

116
00:06:06,342 --&gt; 00:06:07,942
曾经有位僧侣教导我说

117
00:06:08,242 --&gt; 00:06:11,742
“我们可以以史为鉴，启迪未来”

118
00:06:12,142 --&gt; 00:06:15,932
别说笑了，你俩不会以为
站在太阳武士几千年站过的地方

119
00:06:15,942 --&gt; 00:06:18,742
就能吸收他们的能量了？

120
00:06:18,892 --&gt; 00:06:19,742
差不多吧

121
00:06:20,042 --&gt; 00:06:22,042
若不能找出使用御火术的新方法

122
00:06:22,342 --&gt; 00:06:24,542
神通就只能另觅师傅了

123
00:06:33,459 --&gt; 00:06:34,659
我们都飞了好几个时辰了

124
00:06:34,859 --&gt; 00:06:37,459
阿柏不会就这么点能耐吧，咋不再飞的快点呢？

125
00:06:39,559 --&gt; 00:06:40,709
祖寇，阿柏说得没错

126
00:06:40,759 --&gt; 00:06:44,159
我们团队有个不成文的规矩
在执行任务之前要保持乐观的态度

127
00:06:44,659 --&gt; 00:06:46,109
哦，饶了我吧

128
00:06:46,459 --&gt; 00:06:48,459
别担心，你很快就会进入状态的

129
00:07:02,059 --&gt; 00:07:03,759
虽然这里都是很古老的建筑

130
00:07:03,859 --&gt; 00:07:05,959
却给人一种十分熟悉的感觉

131
00:07:06,259 --&gt; 00:07:09,459
我敢说烈火城的寺庙
肯定是依照这里的蓝图建造的

132
00:07:10,009 --&gt; 00:07:11,959
好吧，在建筑学方面我们已经长了见识了

133
00:07:12,859 --&gt; 00:07:15,139
希望咱们在这儿也能有关于御火术的新发现

134
00:07:15,359 --&gt; 00:07:16,899
历史可是很好的老师哟

135
00:07:23,709 --&gt; 00:07:27,009
祖寇，我差点被这条小路给杀死了

136
00:07:27,209 --&gt; 00:07:28,309
真难以置信

137
00:07:28,409 --&gt; 00:07:31,609
这机关陷阱看起来有几百年了，居然还很管用

138
00:07:31,909 --&gt; 00:07:33,459
前面一定还有不少

139
00:07:33,659 --&gt; 00:07:35,609
也许咱们不应该来这儿

140
00:07:40,259 --&gt; 00:07:42,459
你刚才说过的乐观精神跑哪儿去了

141
00:07:43,009 --&gt; 00:07:43,909
再说了

142
00:07:44,209 --&gt; 00:07:47,509
这有陷阱，说明附近必有值得保护的东西

143
00:07:50,309 --&gt; 00:07:52,209
看，这壁画看起来很靠谱

144
00:07:52,509 --&gt; 00:07:56,659
不过这上面画的好像不是御火术起源

145
00:07:57,209 --&gt; 00:07:58,709
这画中好像充满了怒气

146
00:07:59,109 --&gt; 00:08:01,709
不是说龙是太阳武士的朋友吗？

147
00:08:01,959 --&gt; 00:08:03,609
那个，可能他们想换个有趣的方式来表达吧

148
00:08:08,009 --&gt; 00:08:11,709
祖寇，在过去的百年中，那些龙到底怎么了

149
00:08:12,209 --&gt; 00:08:13,559
你肯定有一些事没有告诉我

150
00:08:14,209 --&gt; 00:08:15,959
一切都由我的曾祖父苏进而起

151
00:08:17,159 --&gt; 00:08:19,859
他掀起了屠龙狂潮，人人以猎龙为荣

152
00:08:20,109 --&gt; 00:08:21,809
龙是终极的御火大师

153
00:08:22,109 --&gt; 00:08:23,409
如果你能征服它的话

154
00:08:23,709 --&gt; 00:08:25,909
就可证明你的御火术已经是登峰造极了

155
00:08:26,009 --&gt; 00:08:28,409
而且还能为自己赢得“龙”的称号

156
00:08:29,409 --&gt; 00:08:32,309
在我出生之前，最后一条巨龙也已经被除掉了

157
00:08:33,659 --&gt; 00:08:34,559
那人就是我的皇叔

158
00:08:35,509 --&gt; 00:08:37,509
我原以为你的皇叔....

159
00:08:37,959 --&gt; 00:08:40,009
是个好人，我这么说你别见怪

160
00:08:40,659 --&gt; 00:08:42,159
他的过去十分复杂

161
00:08:43,459 --&gt; 00:08:44,809
我想这可能也是遗传吧

162
00:08:46,509 --&gt; 00:08:47,609
咱们接着走吧

163
00:08:58,709 --&gt; 00:08:59,709
这门被锁上了

164
00:09:02,959 --&gt; 00:09:03,809
等等

165
00:09:05,809 --&gt; 00:09:07,209
这是一个节气表

166
00:09:07,959 --&gt; 00:09:09,959
这与气和寺雕塑的性质是一样的

167
00:09:10,559 --&gt; 00:09:12,559
上面那颗太阳石肯定就是控制这门的开关

168
00:09:12,609 --&gt; 00:09:15,059
但是只有在阳光以某一特定
角度照射其上时才能触发机关

169
00:09:15,359 --&gt; 00:09:16,459
也就是说只有至日时才能打开

170
00:09:16,609 --&gt; 00:09:17,609
俺的亲娘啊

171
00:09:18,009 --&gt; 00:09:19,259
又要等到至日

172
00:09:19,409 --&gt; 00:09:20,909
我们哪有那种闲工夫啊

173
00:09:21,239 --&gt; 00:09:22,439
话虽如此

174
00:09:22,709 --&gt; 00:09:24,709
不过我们可以让时间加速运转啊

175
00:09:25,609 --&gt; 00:09:27,609
希望这么做能过骗过太阳石

176
00:09:32,259 --&gt; 00:09:33,259
这门动也没动

177
00:09:33,659 --&gt; 00:09:34,659
芝麻开门

178
00:09:40,259 --&gt; 00:09:41,159
我说，祖寇

179
00:09:41,459 --&gt; 00:09:43,359
不管那些人怎么谈论你

180
00:09:43,659 --&gt; 00:09:44,659
你真的是相当聪明

181
00:09:51,909 --&gt; 00:09:52,709
别害怕

182
00:09:53,209 --&gt; 00:09:54,309
只不过是些塑像

183
00:10:02,009 --&gt; 00:10:04,909
上面管这叫“神龙之舞”

184
00:10:16,459 --&gt; 00:10:17,709
祖寇，快过来

185
00:10:17,859 --&gt; 00:10:19,259
快来跟我一起跳舞

186
00:10:19,459 --&gt; 00:10:20,259
干嘛？

187
00:10:20,359 --&gt; 00:10:21,359
你做就是了！

188
00:10:23,859 --&gt; 00:10:26,059
咱们就按着雕像的动作做

189
00:10:30,249 --&gt; 00:10:31,249
看见没

190
00:10:31,259 --&gt; 00:10:34,459
这些雕像的动作是连贯的，就像是个动作示范

191
00:10:35,359 --&gt; 00:10:38,559
我想这可能是太阳武士的御火术招式

192
00:10:39,159 --&gt; 00:10:41,559
希望这招式不是什么花拳绣腿

193
00:10:49,659 --&gt; 00:10:51,059
太好了！

194
00:10:51,509 --&gt; 00:10:52,309
且慢

195
00:10:52,609 --&gt; 00:10:54,209
那是啥东西啊？

196
00:10:54,459 --&gt; 00:10:56,459
是个神秘的大石头

197
00:10:56,619 --&gt; 00:10:57,819
噢，别碰

198
00:10:58,159 --&gt; 00:10:58,859
为啥不能碰？

199
00:10:59,159 --&gt; 00:11:01,609
难道你忘了咱们来时碰到的那个长矛机关了吗

200
00:11:01,659 --&gt; 00:11:05,759
这石头看起来十分蹊跷，没准还有机关陷阱

201
00:11:07,259 --&gt; 00:11:08,209
感觉...

202
00:11:08,409 --&gt; 00:11:09,609
它好像有生命似的

203
00:11:14,459 --&gt; 00:11:16,059
噢，天哪，又是个陷阱

204
00:11:19,359 --&gt; 00:11:20,659
我动弹不得了

205
00:11:20,959 --&gt; 00:11:22,459
这东西粘糊糊的，好像胶水一样

206
00:11:41,209 --&gt; 00:11:44,009
祖寇，我动不了了，你别傻待着啊

207
00:11:44,509 --&gt; 00:11:46,559
我也动不了啊

208
00:11:52,859 --&gt; 00:11:53,859
好像不动了

209
00:11:54,109 --&gt; 00:11:55,509
至少还能喘气

210
00:11:55,659 --&gt; 00:11:58,659
也许等咱们冷静下来，就能想到逃出去的办法

211
00:12:04,909 --&gt; 00:12:08,909
你说说你，干嘛欠手去拿那个金蛋啊？

212
00:12:09,239 --&gt; 00:12:10,599
我那叫有探险精神

213
00:12:10,819 --&gt; 00:12:13,519
如果要是听你的，没准早就死在庭院那儿了

214
00:12:13,759 --&gt; 00:12:15,759
救命啊！

215
00:12:15,899 --&gt; 00:12:17,499
你这么瞎喊有啥用啊？

216
00:12:17,909 --&gt; 00:12:19,409
这儿已经废弃了数百年了

217
00:12:19,659 --&gt; 00:12:21,559
那你说咱们该咋办呢？

218
00:12:23,359 --&gt; 00:12:24,959
不如想想咱们在宇宙中的位置吧

219
00:12:30,909 --&gt; 00:12:32,309
下面何人？

220
00:12:45,959 --&gt; 00:12:49,959
居然胆敢偷我们的太阳石，你们必将受到严厉的惩罚

221
00:12:50,109 --&gt; 00:12:52,059
我们来这儿并不想偷你们的石头

222
00:12:52,409 --&gt; 00:12:55,159
我们来这儿是为了探访御火术的起源

223
00:12:56,059 --&gt; 00:12:56,859
哈，说得好听

224
00:12:57,209 --&gt; 00:13:01,059
这俩毛贼肯定是觊觎太阳武士的宝藏

225
00:13:01,359 --&gt; 00:13:04,409
我一般都很低调的，不过既然如此
我不得不表明身份

226
00:13:05,009 --&gt; 00:13:06,309
我就是降世神通

227
00:13:11,249 --&gt; 00:13:12,349
请听我们解释

228
00:13:13,009 --&gt; 00:13:16,359
我是祖寇，乃是烈火国的王储

229
00:13:17,109 --&gt; 00:13:18,609
不过现在已经不是了

230
00:13:18,959 --&gt; 00:13:21,509
火宗的人使用御火术时

231
00:13:21,659 --&gt; 00:13:23,459
是依靠心中充满的愤怒和怨气

232
00:13:23,759 --&gt; 00:13:25,659
不过现在我想学习催动御火术的真正做法

233
00:13:26,209 --&gt; 00:13:27,309
最正宗的做法

234
00:13:28,159 --&gt; 00:13:32,459
到这儿来之前，我们原没想到
太阳武士居然仍秘密的活在世上

235
00:13:32,859 --&gt; 00:13:35,009
你们的出现令我们十分意外

236
00:13:35,909 --&gt; 00:13:36,609
拜托

237
00:13:37,109 --&gt; 00:13:37,909
请教我们御火之法吧

238
00:13:39,009 --&gt; 00:13:41,809
既然你们想学习正宗的御火术

239
00:13:41,909 --&gt; 00:13:45,409
那就一定要请教御火宗师“燃”和“烧”

240
00:13:46,209 --&gt; 00:13:47,409
“燃”和“烧”？

241
00:13:47,759 --&gt; 00:13:48,709
这么说有两位宗师喽？

242
00:13:49,009 --&gt; 00:13:52,909
你去见他们的时候，他们将会检验你们

243
00:13:53,449 --&gt; 00:13:57,519
他们能够看穿你们的心和灵魂
更能看透你们的前世今生

244
00:13:57,839 --&gt; 00:14:00,239
如果你们符合资格，他们就会传你们武艺

245
00:14:00,459 --&gt; 00:14:04,769
反之，你们则会命丧当场

246
00:14:13,309 --&gt; 00:14:19,009
去见宗师，你们必须带上一份永恒之火

247
00:14:20,209 --&gt; 00:14:21,439
这火

248
00:14:21,759 --&gt; 00:14:23,559
乃是世间火的来源

249
00:14:23,959 --&gt; 00:14:26,559
是由龙传给人类的

250
00:14:26,959 --&gt; 00:14:29,959
这火种已经传承千年

251
00:14:30,209 --&gt; 00:14:31,609
真不敢相信

252
00:14:32,109 --&gt; 00:14:35,109
你们每人带上自己的一份去拜见宗师

253
00:14:35,409 --&gt; 00:14:39,909
以表明你们对神秘的御火之术的虔诚

254
00:14:40,009 --&gt; 00:14:42,259
嗯，太阳首领先生

255
00:14:42,759 --&gt; 00:14:45,209
我还不是个御火师

256
00:14:45,409 --&gt; 00:14:47,659
能让我的朋友帮我带火种去吗？

257
00:14:47,959 --&gt; 00:14:48,659
不行

258
00:14:54,109 --&gt; 00:14:59,109
这仪式象征着接受太阳武士的人生观

259
00:14:59,659 --&gt; 00:15:01,759
你必须保持恒定的热度

260
00:15:01,959 --&gt; 00:15:04,759
如果火焰太小就很容易熄灭

261
00:15:05,559 --&gt; 00:15:06,859
如果太大

262
00:15:07,359 --&gt; 00:15:09,259
将会难以控制

263
00:15:12,059 --&gt; 00:15:15,409
对不起，我有一点紧张

264
00:15:17,359 --&gt; 00:15:19,409
这火焰跳动着就像心跳一样

265
00:15:19,809 --&gt; 00:15:21,409
火是有生命的

266
00:15:21,859 --&gt; 00:15:23,859
它所给予的不仅仅是破坏

267
00:15:24,109 --&gt; 00:15:26,759
把你们的火种带到那儿去

268
00:15:26,809 --&gt; 00:15:30,509
大师的居所就在那边的岩石下

269
00:15:40,209 --&gt; 00:15:41,109
快点走

270
00:15:41,209 --&gt; 00:15:42,059
我不行

271
00:15:42,259 --&gt; 00:15:44,509
如果我走的太快，火焰就会灭的

272
00:15:44,559 --&gt; 00:15:46,759
你的火焰太小了，所以才容易灭

273
00:15:46,959 --&gt; 00:15:47,919
你太胆怯了

274
00:15:47,939 --&gt; 00:15:49,259
让火焰再大点

275
00:15:49,509 --&gt; 00:15:51,109
要是我控制不住该怎么办？

276
00:15:51,309 --&gt; 00:15:52,209
你能行的

277
00:15:52,429 --&gt; 00:15:53,329
你不是一般人

278
00:15:53,809 --&gt; 00:15:55,009
你这小孩挺有天分的

279
00:16:08,959 --&gt; 00:16:14,559
面对御火宗师的审判
对你们来说将十分危险

280
00:16:14,859 --&gt; 00:16:19,909
是你的祖先直接导致了龙族的灭绝

281
00:16:20,409 --&gt; 00:16:23,759
大师们见到你时可能不会高兴的

282
00:16:23,959 --&gt; 00:16:25,859
要是我就会当场灭了你

283
00:16:26,159 --&gt; 00:16:27,959
不过当他们发现我是降世神通时...

284
00:16:28,559 --&gt; 00:16:33,639
你别忘了，百年前你一走了之
无疑助长了烈火国的气焰

285
00:16:33,859 --&gt; 00:16:37,259
你也要为龙族的灭绝负上责任

286
00:16:49,959 --&gt; 00:16:51,309
我们现在还可以回头

287
00:16:51,909 --&gt; 00:16:54,309
关于御火术我们又了解了一些新知识

288
00:16:55,459 --&gt; 00:16:57,609
不，我们得坚持到底

289
00:16:57,959 --&gt; 00:17:01,059
咱们要去见宗师，请教他们成为终极御火大师的诀窍

290
00:17:01,309 --&gt; 00:17:02,459
他们要治罪的话该咋办

291
00:17:02,659 --&gt; 00:17:03,809
没准会袭击咱们

292
00:17:04,209 --&gt; 00:17:06,109
我是火宗王子，你又是降世神通

293
00:17:06,359 --&gt; 00:17:09,009
咱俩合作，何人能敌

294
00:17:15,959 --&gt; 00:17:16,759
请他们出来吧

295
00:17:17,709 --&gt; 00:17:18,609
奏乐！

296
00:18:04,509 --&gt; 00:18:09,959
拜见“燃”和“烧”两位宗师的人，现在要进献火种

297
00:18:14,609 --&gt; 00:18:16,809
吹响号角

298
00:18:24,659 --&gt; 00:18:25,719
这是怎么了？

299
00:18:31,559 --&gt; 00:18:33,129
祖寇，我的火灭了

300
00:18:33,209 --&gt; 00:18:34,119
那你要我怎么样？

301
00:18:34,359 --&gt; 00:18:35,359
分我点火吧

302
00:18:36,139 --&gt; 00:18:37,149
不行，你自己生吧

303
00:18:37,459 --&gt; 00:18:38,359
我弄不出来

304
00:18:39,159 --&gt; 00:18:40,559
那就从其他武士那儿弄

305
00:18:40,799 --&gt; 00:18:41,399
快去

306
00:18:41,759 --&gt; 00:18:42,959
别老来烦我

307
00:18:43,359 --&gt; 00:18:44,559
别那么小气嘛

308
00:19:11,109 --&gt; 00:19:12,709
宗师原来是龙啊

309
00:19:13,209 --&gt; 00:19:14,809
还觉得咱们能够打赢他们吗？

310
00:19:15,109 --&gt; 00:19:17,059
嘘！我可没那么说过

311
00:19:23,309 --&gt; 00:19:26,659
噢，好戏即将上演，有的瞧了

312
00:19:26,709 --&gt; 00:19:28,359
大师好好享受你们的晚餐吧

313
00:19:28,559 --&gt; 00:19:29,709
闭嘴，汉高

314
00:19:29,859 --&gt; 00:19:30,459
咋了？

315
00:19:30,759 --&gt; 00:19:32,109
又不是只有我一个这么想

316
00:19:40,559 --&gt; 00:19:41,459
祖寇

317
00:19:41,859 --&gt; 00:19:44,409
我觉得应该和它们一起跳“神龙之舞”

318
00:19:44,649 --&gt; 00:19:45,349
啥？

319
00:19:45,859 --&gt; 00:19:48,459
你大脑这是又抽的那根筋啊？

320
00:19:48,759 --&gt; 00:19:51,659
那个，起码咱们不能傻站着啊

321
00:19:52,259 --&gt; 00:19:53,459
咱们试一下吧

322
00:19:53,759 --&gt; 00:19:54,659
那好吧

323
00:20:21,109 --&gt; 00:20:22,759
审判时间到了

324
00:20:48,309 --&gt; 00:20:49,509
我明白了

325
00:21:10,859 --&gt; 00:21:12,559
他们的火焰真是太美了

326
00:21:13,059 --&gt; 00:21:14,709
五彩缤纷的

327
00:21:14,959 --&gt; 00:21:16,359
那些颜色真难以想象

328
00:21:16,459 --&gt; 00:21:18,359
然而它们却和谐的统一在一起

329
00:21:18,759 --&gt; 00:21:19,959
没错

330
00:21:20,259 --&gt; 00:21:21,959
他们审判了你们

331
00:21:22,259 --&gt; 00:21:25,759
还给了你们御火术真谛的启示

332
00:21:26,059 --&gt; 00:21:28,259
没想到宗师居然会是活生生的龙

333
00:21:28,359 --&gt; 00:21:31,659
艾洛皇叔曾说是他征服了最后一条龙，并杀了它

334
00:21:31,759 --&gt; 00:21:33,159
这么说你皇叔撒谎了

335
00:21:33,559 --&gt; 00:21:36,659
实际上，不仅如此

336
00:21:36,939 --&gt; 00:21:40,159
艾洛后来也去拜见了那两位宗师

337
00:21:40,459 --&gt; 00:21:45,559
它们认可了他，也把秘密告诉了他

338
00:21:46,159 --&gt; 00:21:47,759
他说谎是为了保护它们

339
00:21:48,259 --&gt; 00:21:49,859
这样就不会有人来追杀它们了

340
00:21:50,759 --&gt; 00:21:54,059
一直以来，我认为御火术是一种破坏之术

341
00:21:54,959 --&gt; 00:21:58,259
自从烧伤卡塔拉后，我很怕再使用御火术

342
00:21:58,959 --&gt; 00:22:00,709
现在我终于明白了

343
00:22:01,159 --&gt; 00:22:02,109
火象征着能量

344
00:22:02,359 --&gt; 00:22:03,209
和生命

345
00:22:04,759 --&gt; 00:22:05,759
就像太阳一样

346
00:22:06,159 --&gt; 00:22:07,259
只不过它存在于你的心中

347
00:22:07,359 --&gt; 00:22:08,859
你们意识到了吗？

348
00:22:09,159 --&gt; 00:22:10,009
那个...

349
00:22:10,209 --&gt; 00:22:13,709
别忘了，我们可是被称为“太阳武士”

350
00:22:14,159 --&gt; 00:22:15,059
所以，当然了解啦

351
00:22:15,359 --&gt; 00:22:17,859
终于知道我的御火术变弱的原因了

352
00:22:17,959 --&gt; 00:22:19,259
因为长久以来

353
00:22:19,809 --&gt; 00:22:21,359
抓捕你一直是我的动力

354
00:22:21,409 --&gt; 00:22:22,809
是我的目标

355
00:22:23,459 --&gt; 00:22:24,859
所以当我加入你们后

356
00:22:24,959 --&gt; 00:22:27,009
我失去了内心的火焰

357
00:22:27,759 --&gt; 00:22:30,309
不过，现在我又有了新的目标

358
00:22:30,559 --&gt; 00:22:34,559
我要帮你战败父王，重新恢复世界的平衡

359
00:22:45,559 --&gt; 00:22:51,409
既然你们知晓了秘密，也知道了我们的存在

360
00:22:51,749 --&gt; 00:22:56,649
我们别无选择，只好永久关押你们于此了

361
00:22:58,859 --&gt; 00:22:59,759
开玩笑的

362
00:23:01,309 --&gt; 00:23:03,409
不过说真的，别跟别人说

363
00:23:06,159 --&gt; 00:23:08,209
有了神龙传给我们的技艺

364
00:23:08,709 --&gt; 00:23:10,709
祖寇和我将所向披靡

365
00:23:15,359 --&gt; 00:23:17,909
你俩学的这个舞还蛮好看的嘛

366
00:23:17,959 --&gt; 00:23:20,709
这不是舞蹈，是御火术的招式

367
00:23:21,159 --&gt; 00:23:24,259
看来咱们一路跳着舞就能打败烈火王了

368
00:23:24,509 --&gt; 00:23:28,009
别瞎说，这套可是具有上千年的历史的武术招式

369
00:23:28,259 --&gt; 00:23:30,959
哦，是嘛，那请问你的招式叫啥哩？

370
00:23:32,259 --&gt; 00:23:33,909
“神龙之舞”

371
00:23:39,409 --&gt; 00:23:43,359
-=未完待续=-
听译/时间轴/校译：阿土
英语字幕校正：英麟（特别感谢）
http://blog.sina.com.cn/tucity
本字幕仅为个人学习之用，请勿用作商业用途

1
00:00:01,468 --&gt; 00:00:02,468
水善国

2
00:00:03,941 --&gt; 00:00:04,941
土强国

3
00:00:05,622 --&gt; 00:00:07,235
火烈国

4
00:00:08,227 --&gt; 00:00:09,227
气和国

5
00:00:10,525 --&gt; 00:00:13,413
很久以前，这四大国和谐共处

6
00:00:13,448 --&gt; 00:00:17,741
然而，烈火国发起的战争结束了和平

7
00:00:19,037 --&gt; 00:00:22,687
只有同时掌握四种元素的降世神通才能结束战争

8
00:00:23,004 --&gt; 00:00:25,767
然而在大家最需要他的时候，他却消失了

9
00:00:26,774 --&gt; 00:00:29,823
100年后，我和哥哥发现了转世的降世神通

10
00:00:30,113 --&gt; 00:00:31,836
他是个御气师，名叫“安昂”

11
00:00:32,157 --&gt; 00:00:34,336
尽管他的御气术着实了得

12
00:00:34,629 --&gt; 00:00:37,122
在拯救苍生之前，他要学的还有很多

13
00:00:38,066 --&gt; 00:00:40,839
但是我坚信 安昂能拯救这个世界

14
00:00:42,125 --&gt; 00:00:45,679
-=降世神通=-
最后的气宗
听译/时间轴：Tucity
校正：阿土 英麟
特别感谢参与校译的新浪网友
http://blog.sina.com.cn/tucity
本字幕仅为个人学习之用，请勿用作商业用途

15
00:00:46,944 --&gt; 00:00:49,406
降世神通 前情提要

16
00:00:49,908 --&gt; 00:00:51,366
你是叫索卡吧？

17
00:00:51,366 --&gt; 00:00:54,840
我最爱的囚犯总是提起你

18
00:00:54,840 --&gt; 00:00:57,824
她坚信你能救她出去，

19
00:00:57,824 --&gt; 00:00:59,655
当然啦，谁让你总也不来呢，

20
00:00:59,655 --&gt; 00:01:01,089
她已经彻底对你失望了

21
00:01:01,902 --&gt; 00:01:04,901
苏琪在哪？

22
00:01:04,901 --&gt; 00:01:07,141
我们怎么能都全身而退呢？

23
00:01:07,141 --&gt; 00:01:09,611
我们不逃了, 你们几个孩子先走

24
00:01:09,611 --&gt; 00:01:11,876
骑着阿柏赶快逃离这里

25
00:01:11,876 --&gt; 00:01:15,217
再见了, 老爸, 这次我们不会分离太久的

26
00:01:15,217 --&gt; 00:01:16,221
我保证

27
00:01:17,719 --&gt; 00:01:22,076
第三卷
火
</pre></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
