# S03E04 - Sokka’s Master

**Languages:** English / 中文

<table class="script-table">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>English</th>
      <th>中文</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><pre class="script">
      Sokka’s Master

      Written By: Tim Hedrick
      Directed By: Giancarlo Volpe
      Storyboard: Michael Chang , Juan Meza-Leon , Bobby Rubio , Giancarlo Volpe

      Animation By: JM Animation Co, Ltd
      Transcriber: Avatar_Mom and Psycho Silver

      [Introduction Sequence]

      [“Previously on Avatar” sequence includes clips from The Desert and The
      Headband]

      Act I

      (The episode opens with a shot of a meteor shower flying across the night
      time sky. The camera tilts down to the ground.)

      Katara: Wow, this is amazing to watch.

      (Cut to a shot of Aang and company lying on a makeshift roof covering Appa
      and staring up at the sky.)

      Sokka: Kind of makes you realize how insignificant we are.
      Toph: Eh, you&#x27;ve seen nothing once, you&#x27;ve seen it 1,000 times.

      (There is a sparkle in the sky as a large meteorite enters the atmosphere
      and falls toward the earth.)

      Sokka: Oh, man. You&#x27;ve never not seen anything like this.

      (Sokka, Aang, Momo and Katara all sit up and stare at amazement at the
      meteorite, engulfed in blue fire. The camera follows the meteorite as it
      whistles through the air and passes over their heads. Sokka turns around
      and watches as the meteorite crashes in a huge, blue explosion off in the
      distance, causing him to shield his eyes. Toph stands up in surprise. The
      camera zooms out of a shot of the group all looking at the smoke rising
      from an orange glow. Aang, Katara, and Sokka look to each other nervously.

      Cut to a shot of a town nestled in the mountains. The camera zooms out to
      show Appa flying down towards a large, fire filled crater where the
      meteorite landed.)

      Katara: The fire is gonna destroy that town.
      Aang: Not if we can stop it.

      (Cut to a shot of Appa landing close to the fire. Aang, Toph, and Sokka
      jump off of Appa while Katara slides onto Appa’s neck and takes his
      reigns.)

      Katara: There&#x27;s a creek over here. I&#x27;ll bend the water on to the fire.

      (Katara whips Appa’s reigns and flies off.)

      Aang: Toph, let&#x27;s make a trench to keep the fire from coming any closer.
      Sokka: (dejectedly) What should I do‌

      (Cut to a shot of Aang and Toph looking back. Momo flies past the screen
      and chirps.)

      Aang: Keep an eye on Momo

      (Momo flies to Sokka and lands on his head.)

      Sokka: So what, I&#x27;m just a lemur-sitter‌ (petting Momo’s head) There,
      there. Feel better‌

      (Cut to Aang and Toph running toward the fire. They both swing their arms
      down and cut a fissure through the ground in front of the fire. Aang and
      Toph raise their hands, then fling their arms to both sides, bending the
      fissure into a trench and pushing the fire back. Cut to Sokka and Momo.
      Flaming embers fall around them. Sokka frantically stamps one out with his
      club while Momo stamps out the rest and jumps back on Sokka’s shoulders.
      Sokka looks back to see all the other fires put one and gives Momo a sour
      expression. Cut to Katara and Appa flying over the nearby creek. Katara
      bends a huge orb of water out of the creek and high into the air. Cut to a
      close up of Katara bending the water behind her, stabilizing it. Cut to
      Sokka watching Appa fly over the fire while Katara sprays a shower of
      water from the orb, putting out most of the flames. Cut to Toph moving her
      hands from side to side, bending a large, rectangular slab of stone to
      roll over its edges and stomp out more flames. Cut to Sokka and Momo as
      they watch the stone slab pass by. Cut to a shot of Aang taking the orb of
      water from Katara with his waterbending as Appa flies past him.)

      Aang: (bending the water around) Sokka, stand clear.

      (Cut to Sokka and Momo.)

      Sokka: (disappointedly) Right, stand clear. Got it.

      (Sokka stands up, picks up Momo, and begins to walk away. Cut to Aang. He
      bends the water behind him and takes a deep breath before pushes his arms
      forward, throwing the water the water at the fire and exhaling a gust of
      wind. Cut to Sokka carrying Momo. Momo quickly flies away before Sokka is
      caught by surprise by the torrent of water. Cut to an overhead shot of the
      flaming crater. A globe of water grows out from the center and explodes,
      spreading a light shower of snow all over the area, putting out all the
      fire. Cut to Aang as Appa and Katara land nearby and Toph walks up to
      him.)

      Aang: (dusting his hands off) Good work, everybody.

      (Cut to an overhead shot of the snow covered crater. The camera zooms out
      before cutting to a shot of Sokka emerging from a pile of snow. Momo
      slides past him on the ice covered ground. The scene cuts to a shot of the
      outside of the Fire Nation prison. Cut to the inside of a very dark cell.
      The door opens and light pours in over Iroh. He is leaning against the
      wall, eyes glazed over and drooling. Cut to a shot from floor level of
      Warden Poon walking up to the bars of the cell. The warden drops a bowl of
      mush on the floor in front of the cell and kicks it over to Iroh, spilling
      it. Iroh scrambles at the food, desperate and gasping. He falls face first
      into the mush and begins to slovenly shovel it into his mouth.)

      Warden Poon: (descending) Look at you. You&#x27;re just a fat, disgusting old
      man. You do nothing, you say nothing. You just eat and roll around in your
      own filth like a pig. You&#x27;re a disgrace.

      (Warden Poon spits on the floor before turning away and exiting the cell.
      Cut to a close up of Iroh. He smiles and flicks the stray strands of his
      hair back. Iroh picks up the bowl of mush and assumes a much more
      dignified, cross legged position and continues eating. The scene cuts to a
      shot of the small Fire Nation town Shu Jing situated in the mountains next
      to a cliff overlooking a river. Cut to Aang, Katara, and Toph seated at an
      outdoor table at a local restaurant, each with trays of food.)

      Aang: These people have no idea how close they were to getting toasted
      last night.
      Toph: (eating a dumpling) Yeah, the worst thing about being in disguise is
      we don&#x27;t get
      the hero worship anymore. I miss the love.
      Sokka: (off screen, sarcastically) Boo-hoo, poor heroes.

      (Cut to a shot of Sokka sitting at the edge of the floor by himself, a
      tray of steaming smoked sea slug next to him.)

      Katara: What&#x27;s your problem‌ You haven&#x27;t even touched your smoked sea
      slug.
      Sokka: It&#x27;s just…all you guys can do this awesome bending stuff Like
      putting out forest fires, and flying around, and making other stuff fly
      around. I can&#x27;t fly around, ok‌ (sadly) I can&#x27;t do anything.
      Katara: That&#x27;s not true. No one can read a map like you.
      Toph: I can&#x27;t read at all.
      Aang: Yeah, and who keeps us laughing with sarcastic comments all the
      time‌ I mean, look at Katara&#x27;s hair, right‌ (grabs a lock of Katara’s hair
      and gestures to it) What&#x27;s up with that‌
      Katara: (embarrassed) What‌ What&#x27;s wrong with my hair‌

      (Katara looks left and right nervously, trying to cover her hair.)

      Aang: (apologetic) Nothing, I was just trying to...
      Sokka: Look, I appreciate the effort, but the fact is each of you is so
      amazing and so special, and I&#x27;m not. I&#x27;m just the guy in the group who&#x27;s
      regular.
      Katara: (sits down next to Sokka) I&#x27;m sorry you&#x27;re feeling so down, but I
      hope you know none of us see you that way. (pauses a moment, then places a
      hand on Sokka’s shoulder) I know something that&#x27;s gonna make you feel
      better.
      Sokka: (depressed) You do‌

      (Cut to a quick zooming out shot of Aang, Sokka, Katara and Toph standing
      in the doorway of a weapons shop.)

      Sokka: (clapping his hands excitedly) Shopping!

      (Sokka runs forward. Cut to a shot of him examining the various weapons
      displayed on the tall racks.)

      Sokka: Maybe a little something to reinvigorate my battling. (pulls a
      nunchaku from the rack) Hey, how about these‌ (begins twirling the
      nunchaku) Ho-ya! Smack-a-dacka-doo!

      (Sokka accidentally hits himself in the head and falls over, knocking over
      a few of the poles weapons on the rack and making Toph flinch. Cut to
      Katara fitting on a pair of gloves.)

      Aang: (off screen) What do you think‌ (cut to a titling up shot of Aang
      wearing an extremely stylized and complex suit of heavy, shiny armor)
      Pretty slick, huh‌ (cut to a close up of an alarmed Katara) All I need to
      complete the outfit is a wind sword.
      Katara: (shielding her eyes from the shine of the armor) What&#x27;s a wind
      sword‌
      Aang: It&#x27;s where I get a sword handle. And then I just swing this around
      and bend air out like a blade.

      (Aang raises a sword handle a swings it around, making wind noises.)

      Katara: Yeah…nice.

      (The heavy armor creaks and begins to fall over. Aang, Unable to move
      anything but his arm, starts to panic. Katara tries to stop Aang from
      falling, but Aang and the armor hit the floor with a loud thud.)

      Aang: I&#x27;ll just stick to what I got.

      (Cut to Sokka holding a pole weapon with a blade the end, a guandao. He
      swings it to one side, the swings it over his head and twirls it in a
      circle. The weapon flies up towards the ceiling like a helicopter and
      Sokka puts his hands behind his back innocently. Still within the same
      background, Sokka is next seen dragging an enormous, metal club across the
      floor. He groans as he tries to lift it, but loses his grip and falls off
      screen. Sokka is next seen holding two swords. He marches past the screen
      and chops downward with them, making short battle cries in pace as he does
      so. Sokka is next seen spinning a chain over his head, but he ends up
      wrapping the chain around him and falls over. Sokka is next seen running
      past the screen, carrying a very wobbly spear. Cut to a close up of Sokka
      examining a sai before using it as a toothpick. Something catches Sokka’s
      eye. The camera rotates around Sokka and brings into view a sword rack on
      the wall, and a particular sword framed and positioned above the others.
      Cut to a close up of the sword. The camera pans rights, showing all the
      details of the hilt and scabbard. A dragon is depicted on the scabbard.
      Cut to a close up of Sokka eyeing the sword.)

      Sokka: Ooo. (walks to the sword, closely examining it and feeling the
      scabbard) That&#x27;s what Sokka&#x27;s talking about.
      Shop Keeper: (off screen) You have a good eye. (everyone gathers around
      the sword) That&#x27;s an original from Piandao, the greatest sword master and
      sword maker in Fire Nation history. He lives in the big castle up the road
      from here (walks away).
      Aang: That&#x27;s it. That&#x27;s what you needed all along, Sokka.
      Sokka: A sword‌
      Aang: Not the sword…a master. (Sokka pulls the sword off the rack) We&#x27;ve
      all had masters to help us get better. You should see if you can study
      with Piandao.
      Katara: That&#x27;s a great idea. I could&#x27;ve never gotten to where I am without
      Master Pakku. Everyone needs a teacher.
      Toph: I learned from badger moles. They don&#x27;t talk, but they&#x27;re still good
      teachers.

      Sokka: (pulls out the sword and examines the blade) It would be nice to be
      a master swordfighter. All right, I&#x27;ll talk to him.

      (The scene cuts to a shot of the top of the bars of Iroh’s cell. A ray of
      sunlight shines through a small window. Cut to an overhead shot of Iroh
      lying on his back on straw mat in the corner, hands behind his head. Cut
      to a close up of Iroh’s profile. The camera suddenly zooms in as his eyes
      open wider. Iroh begins to do a series of sit ups, grunting as he does so.
      The scene cuts to a shot of Piandao’s castle, located on top of a large
      bluff. Cut to Sokka at the front gates. He grabs a knocker and taps it
      against the large door a few times. He waits a moment and looks around,
      but there is no answer. Sokka knocks the door and waits again. Still
      receiving no answer, Sokka becomes frustrated and grabs both knockers,
      banging them loudly and frantically. The right door is opened by the
      butler, Fat, frightening Sokka.)

      Fat: (apathetic) Can I help you‌

      (Cut to a close up of Sokka still looking frightened. He quickly composes
      himself and assumes a more mannered persona.)

      Sokka: I&#x27;ve come to train with The Master.
      Fat: You should know The Master turns almost everyone away. (holds his
      hand out) What did you bring him to prove your worth‌
      Sokka: Well, uh... (feels around his clothes for something to offer)
      Fat: Right. (shakes his head sadly) Let&#x27;s get this over with.

      (Fat gestures for Sokka to enter. Sokka steps through the gate and Fat
      closes the door. Cut to an overhead shot of the castle courtyard as Sokka
      and Fat walk towards the main structure of the castle. The camera tilts up
      to the tallest tower. Cut to a large room with a red carpet and tall
      windows, giving a view of the valley. Rows of lit candles are places on
      both sides of the windows. Piandao sits at a small table in front of the
      windows, his back to the camera. He has dark skin and wears a black
      cheongsam. Cut to a close up of Piandao’s hand holding a calligraphy brush
      and dipping it into a tray of ink, carefully holding his sleeve with the
      other hand. His hands move off screen and Sokka and Fat are seen in the
      background. The camera zooms in on Sokka as he steps forward.)

      Sokka: Master, my name is Sokka, and I wish to be instructed in the way of
      the sword.

      (Cut to a shot of Piandao, his back still towards Sokka. His sword is
      placed next to the table.)

      Piandao: Sokka. That&#x27;s an unusual name.
      Sokka: (nervously) Oh, uh, really‌ Uh, where I come from, The Fire Nation
      colonies, it&#x27;s a pretty normal name, for Fire Nation colonials.
      Piandao: (writing calligraphy on a piece of parchment) Let me guess.
      You&#x27;ve come hundreds of miles from your little village where you&#x27;re the
      best swordsman in town. And you think you deserve to learn from The
      Master.
      Sokka: Well, actually, I&#x27;ve been all over the world.
      Piandao: (knowingly) Yep, here we go.
      Sokka: And I know one thing for sure: (gets down on his knees and hangs
      his head) I have a lot to learn.
      Piandao: (glancing back) You&#x27;re not doing a very good job of selling
      yourself.
      Sokka: I know. Your butler told me that when I met you, I would have to
      prove my worth. But the truth is…I don&#x27;t know if I am worthy.
      Piandao: Hm, I see. Well, then, (smiles and picks up his sword) let&#x27;s find
      out together how worthy you are.

      (Sokka looks up as Piandao’s shadow passes over him. Cut to a shot of the
      red carpet the end of Piandao’s sword’s scabbard strikes the floor. The
      camera quickly zooms out to a shot of Piandao standing before Sokka, sword
      firmly planted before him. Cut to a close up of Piandao.)

      Piandao: I will train you.

      (Cut to Sokka as a huge smile spreads across his face. Cut to commercial.)

      Act II

      (The episode returns with a shot of Sokka and Piandao standing in a sword
      fighting ring in front of the building they were in earlier. Sokka is
      wearing an almost identical outfit to Piandao’s.)

      Piandao: The first thing you must learn is that your weapon is an
      extension of yourself. (unsheathes his word and begins performing a sword
      form) You must think of it as another part of your own body.
      Sokka: Like a second head.
      Piandao: Well, more like an extra-long, really sharp arm. The sword is a
      simple tool, but in the hands of a master it becomes the most versatile of
      weapons, (sheathes his sword and assumes a stance) and just as the
      imagination is limitless so too are the possibilities of the sword.

      (Sokka smiles excitedly and nods his head in understanding. The scene cuts
      to Aang, Toph, Katara, Appa, and Momo in the countryside. Cut to an
      overhead shot of Aang, Top, and Katara lying on their backs in a circle.
      Momo runs up to them and lies down next to Katara. Appa is sleeping under
      the makeshift roof.)

      Aang: What should we do today‌
      Toph: I&#x27;m tapped out. I already picked my toes, twice.
      Aang: Twice‌
      Toph: The first time was for cleaning, but the second time&#x27;s just for the
      sweet picking sensation.
      Katara: Sokka&#x27;s been in charge of the schedule. I&#x27;m not sure what we
      should be doing.
      Toph: (picking her nose) Plus, it&#x27;s so hot today.
      Aang: (jokingly) How hot is it‌
      Toph: I don&#x27;t know. Real hot‌
      Katara: It&#x27;s so hot, it&#x27;s so hot…Momo is shedding like Appa. (pets Momo
      and flicks tufts of fur from her fingers) Huh, huh‌

      (Aang scratches his head and Katara’s joke receives no laughs. Cut back to
      the overhead shot.)

      Aang: I guess the jokes don&#x27;t run in the family.
      Katara: Oh, everyone&#x27;s a critic.

      (Appa grunts in response. The scene cuts to a shot of Iroh hanging upside
      down and doing crunches, panting with effort. Cut to a shot of his feet as
      he hangs from the over head bars. Cut to and zoom out from a wide shot of
      Iroh doing the upside down crunches in his cell. The scene shifts to
      Piandao and Sokka standing in front of a table inside the building. On the
      table is calligraphy stationary.)

      Piandao: The warrior practices a variety of arts to keep his mind sharp
      and fluid. (flattens out a piece of paper on the table) The first you will
      learn is calligraphy. Write your name.

      (Piandao delicately hands a brush to Sokka, who takes it, messing the
      bristles up with his thumb.)

      Sokka: (skeptical) Writing my name will make me a better swordsman‌
      Piandao: (takes the brush and positions it correctly in Sokka’s hand) When
      you write your name, you stamp the paper with your identity. You must
      learn to use your sword to stamp your identity on a battlefield. (holding
      his sleeve, Sokka dips the brush into the ink and prepares to write his
      name) Remember, you cannot take back a stroke of the brush, or a stroke of
      the sword.

      (Sokka hand quivers and he sweats nervously, the brush barely an inch
      above the paper. He scratches his head and places the tip of the brush on
      his chin, thinking hard about what to do.)

      Piandao: You are getting ink on your face.
      Sokka: I am‌ (looks at the brush) I am. So this is about putting my
      identity on the page, right‌

      (Piandao nods. Cut to a close up of Sokka. He smiles and the camera zooms
      out as he proceeds to brush the ink over his face. The camera tilts down
      as Sokka presses his face onto the paper and rolls his head around. Sokka
      picks up the paper and shows it to Piandao, smiling cheerfully. On the
      paper is a large inkblot which vaguely resembles a face. Piandao simply
      closes his eyes in response.

      The scene cut to a shot of the main building. The camera tilts down to
      show Sokka and Fat facing off in the sword fighting ring, both wearing
      training equipment and holding wooden swords. Piandao sits at the top of
      the steps leading to the building, watching. Fat wipes his nose as he
      waits for Sokka to make a move. Sokka lunges at Fat and thrusts his sword.
      Fat effortlessly parries the attack and knocks the sword from Sokka’s
      hands. Sokka runs away in fright and Fat chases after, whacking him in the
      rear with the wooden sword.

      Cut to a shot of the sky. The camera tilts down to a blindfolded Sokka
      being guided through the countryside by Piandao.)

      Piandao: Landscape painting teaches a warrior to hold the lay of the land
      in his mind.

      (Piandao stops Sokka turns him to face left and pulls off the blindfold.)

      Piandao: In battle, you only have an instant to take everything in.

      (Cut to a close up of Sokka rubbing his eyes. The camera rotates around to
      his front as his eyes grow wide and he smiles with excitement and
      amazement. Cut to a shot of Sokka and Piandao, their backs to the camera,
      standing before a majestic view of a mighty river flowing into a series of
      waterfalls that drop into a canyon. Cut back to Sokka. Piandao grabs his
      head and turns him away, making him sit in front of a table with a piece
      of paper, paint, and paint brushes.)

      Piandao: Now, paint it.

      (Sokka gapes in disbelief. He turns to look at the waterfall, but Piandao
      turns his head back.)

      Piandao: And no peeking.

      (Piandao walks away as Sokka takes a brush and begins to paint the
      intricate view. Cut to a wide shot of the landscape. The camera pans
      right, towards Piandao and Sokka. Fade to a shot of Piandao’s back, the
      camera tilting up, then to his front, his eyes closed in silent
      meditation.)

      Sokka: I&#x27;m finished.

      (Piandao opens his eyes and looks at Sokka. Cut to a shot of Sokka
      presenting a very childish and colorful drawing of the landscape, which
      bears little resemblance, including a rainbow and a sun with a smiling
      face.)

      Piandao: You added a rainbow.
      Sokka: (worried) Is that ok‌

      (Piandao sighs and shakes his head. Cut to the main building. The camera
      tilts down to Sokka and Fat in the sword fighting ring with the training
      gear. Sokka thrusts forward and he and Fat begin their practice fight.
      Sokka fares much better than before. He grunts as he parries a strike and
      attempts to swing his wooden sword down, but is distracted.)

      Piandao: Sokka.

      (Sokka looks over to Piandao, giving Fat the opportunity to circle behind
      him and kick him in the back, causing a slightly painful fall to the
      ground.)

      Piandao: Concentrate on what you&#x27;re doing.

      (Sokka frowns and drops his head, giving Piandao a half hearted thumbs up.
      Cut to a wide shot of Piandao’s castle. The camera tilts down to Sokka and
      Piandao walking to the top of a stairway leading down to an empty, tiled
      area. A small statue of a lion turtle comes into the foreground.)

      Piandao: Rock gardening teaches the warrior to manipulate his surroundings
      and use them to his advantage.

      (Cut to a close up of Sokka. He places a hand on his chin and thinks
      carefully.)

      Sokka: Hm, manipulate them to my advantage. Oh!

      (Piandao watches as Sokka runs down the steps. Cut to a shot of Piandao. A
      look of worry comes over him and the camera quickly zooms out to show
      Sokka rolling a huge stone across the ground. Sokka groans at the strain
      of it. Cut to a shot of a sheet of moss lying on a rock. Sokka appears
      from behind and examines its texture before taking it and running back to
      the other side of the area. Sokka throws the moss on the huge stone and
      then lays down on it, sighing in relaxation. The camera quickly zooms out
      to a shot of Sokka lying on the easy chair he made from rocks and moss.
      Cut to a shot of Fat walking up from behind Piandao. Fat suddenly gasps in
      shock. Cut to a shot of stones scattered all over the tiled floor,
      creating a mess. Sokka waves at Fat.)

      Sokka: Hey, would you mind grabbing a cold drink for me‌

      (Fat gasps and turns to Piandao.)

      Piandao: I&#x27;ll take a slice of lemon in mine, please.

      (Fat groans in resignation, hangs his head, and walks off to fetch the
      drinks. Cut to Sokka and Fat dueling in the sword fighting ring again,
      Piandao sitting in the foreground. Sokka and Fat thrust and parry a few
      strikes. Sokka swings his sword in a circle and tries to hit Fat’s leg,
      but Fat pulls his leg up and he avoids the attack. Cut to a close up of
      the two from behind Sokka. The scene goes into slow motion as Fat swings
      his sword and Sokka parries it. Sokka returns the strike and is also
      parried. The camera cuts to behind Fat as Sokka continues his offense with
      four quick thrusts. Fat blocks all the attacks and tries to attack Sokka.
      He misses, and Sokka uses this opportunity to slip the blade of his wooden
      sword under Fat’s hand and fling the wooden sword from it. Fat is shocked
      and raises his hands in defeat as Sokka thrusts his sword forward and
      places the blade on the side of Fat’s neck, ending the duel. Sokka steps
      away from Fat, puts his hands together and bows to Piandao, while Fat
      frowns angrily at him. Cut to a shot of Piandao sipping a drink from a cup
      with a slice of lemon stuck on it.

      The scene cuts to a shot of the outside of the Fire Nation prison and
      zooms in. Cut to the inside of Iroh’s cell and zoom in on Iroh doing push
      ups on his knuckles, clapping his hands together at the apex of each push.
      Cut to a shot of Warden Poon sitting and eating a piece of bread. He hears
      the clapping and goes to investigate. Cut to Iroh continuing to do push
      ups. Cut to Warden Poon walking towards the door to Iroh’s cell. Cut to a
      shot from inside the cell of him looking in through the barred window in
      the door.)

      Warden Poon: What&#x27;s going on in there‌

      (Cut to a shot of Iroh sitting against the wall and lazily clapping his
      hands side to side with a delirious expression. Cut back to Warden Poon.)

      Warden Poon: Crazy old man.

      (Warden Poon leaves. Cut back to Iroh. He claps a few more times and
      smiles when he is sure the warden is gone, ceasing his clapping and
      pushing back the stray hair hanging over his face. The scene cuts to a far
      shot of the Avatar group’s campsite near the river. Cut to a shot of Aang
      and Katara sitting around a map of the Fire Nation.)

      Katara: So where are we going next‌ (pointing to the map) We&#x27;re starting
      from here.
      Aang: (pointing at a different spot) No, we&#x27;re over on this island.
      Toph: (lying down) You noodle-brains don&#x27;t know what you&#x27;re doing. I miss
      Sokka.
      Katara: Ooh, I got one. If you miss him so much, why don&#x27;t you marry him‌

      (Katara grins at her joke. The camera quickly zooms out and a groan is
      heard in the background. Toph rolls over on her side, away from Katara. A
      winged insect buzzes in front of Aang, who simply blows it away with a
      quick blast of wind from his breath. Cut to a shot of the sword fighting
      ring in front of the main building at Piandao’s castle. The camera tilt’s
      down to Sokka and Piandao sitting on the ground.)

      Piandao: You&#x27;ve had a good first day of training.
      Sokka: I have‌ But I thought I messed up every single thing we worked on.
      Piandao: You messed things up in a very special way. You are ready for a
      real sword.
      Sokka: (excited) Are you giving me one of yours‌
      Piandao: No.

      (Sokka groans disappointedly and slumps down.)

      Piandao: Your sword must be an extension of yourself. So tomorrow, you
      will make your own sword.

      (Cut to and zoom in on Sokka. He immediately perks up and grins. Cut to
      commercial.)

      Act III

      (The show returns to a shot of a rack of swords. Weapons are hung all
      about the room. The camera pans left to Sokka and Piandao standing at a
      table. On the table are several bricks of steel.)

      Piandao: Choosing the correct material is the most important step in
      crafting a sword. You must trust your steel with your life. Choose
      carefully.

      (Sokka takes two bricks and weighs them in each hand. Sokka sets them down
      and takes another brick. He sniffs it and then bites the brick to test its
      quality. Sokka puts the brick down and puts a hand to his chin
      thoughtfully. An idea comes to his mind and he turns to Piandao.)

      Sokka: Master, would it be possible for me to leave and bring back a
      special material for my sword‌
      Piandao: I wouldn&#x27;t have it any other way.

      (Piandao smiles at Sokka. Cut to Aang, Katara, Toph and Appa all asleep
      and sitting around the map as they were before. Toph suddenly sits up.)

      Toph: Sokka&#x27;s coming!

      (Aang and Katara wake up, gasping and smiling excitedly. Cut to a shot of
      Sokka walking up to the top of the hill.)

      Sokka: Hey, guys. What are you doing‌

      (Aang, Katara, and Toph all jump at Sokka and give him a group hug.)

      Aang: Sokka!
      Toph: You&#x27;re back.
      Katara: We missed you so much.
      Aang: Say something funny.
      Sokka: Funny how‌

      (Aang and Katara both laugh heartily.)

      Sokka: What&#x27;s their deal‌
      Toph: I don&#x27;t know. They missed you or something. I didn&#x27;t care (turns
      away, blushing and smiling).
      Sokka: Thanks. That warms my heart. Anyway, I need some help.

      (Cut to a shot of the gang running over to the edge of the crater created
      the night before. Cut to a shot of the group, their backs to the camera,
      as they stare at the meteorite at the bottom of the crater.

      The camera zooms in on the meteorite before cutting to an overhead shot of
      Iroh sitting in his cell, looking through the bars in the ceiling. Cut to
      a close up of Iroh’s eyes. They are closed for a brief moment, then open.
      Iroh leans forward and puts his head on the floor. The camera cuts to a
      shot of Iroh’s legs rising into the air and tilts down as Iroh stands on
      his hands. Sweating heavily, Iroh begins to perform hand-stand push ups.

      The camera zooms out, and the scene cuts to a shot of Sokka, Aang, and
      Katara pushing the meteorite up the slope to Piandao’s castle. Toph is
      behind the meteorite, pushing it forward with her earthbending. Fade to an
      overhead shot of the group and the meteorite at the large doors. Sokka
      runs to the doors and bangs both knockers frantically. Piandao opens one
      of the doors almost immediately and steps out.)

      Piandao: Who&#x27;s this‌
      Sokka: Oh, these are my friends. Just other good Fire Nation folks.
      (Piandao bows to them) Do you think we can make a sword out of a
      meteorite‌

      (Piandao lays a hand on the meteorite and examines it.)

      Piandao: We&#x27;ll make a sword unlike any other in the world.

      (Cut to a shot of a fiery forge. The camera zooms out and turns left to
      Sokka bare-chested and shoveling coal into it, then to Piandao and Fat,
      who is carrying a large sledge hammer. The camera cuts and tilts up to a
      shot of Sokka holding a chisel against the meteorite while Fat hammers it,
      Piandao watching in the back. Cut to a shot of Sokka tapping the chisel
      with a smaller hammer. A piece of the meteorite breaks off and falls to
      the floor. Sokka takes a moment to wipe the sweat from his brow. Cut to a
      shot of a wooden filled with the meteorite fragments. Fat takes the bucket
      and the camera follows him as he brings it over to the forge. Sokka is
      seen working the bellows diligently. The camera zooms in as Katara and
      Aang peer in at Sokka from around the corner. Fade to a shot of the bucket
      sitting in the fires of the forge. Cut to a shot of Sokka holding his legs
      to his chest, asleep. He wakes up and looks behind him at the forge. He
      stands up and resumes shoveling in coal. The camera zooms out to show
      Piandao observing Sokka from outside. Fade to a shot of the bucket being
      pulled from the forge by iron tongs by Sokka. He carefully positions the
      liquid space metal over a mold of a blade and pours it in. Cut to a shot
      of the red hot metal being hammered against a stone. Piandao raises the
      hot blade and looks carefully at it. An excited Sokka can be seen behind
      him. Cut to a shot from inside a trough of water as Piandao dips the blade
      in. The blade makes the water bubble and boil as it hisses and cools,
      turning black.

      Fade to a shot of the outside of the main building, the camera tilting
      down to the open doors. Cut to a shot of the inside. Sokka is seated in
      front of Piandao. Aang, Katara, and Toph sit behind Sokka while Fat stands
      behind Piandao, holding Sokka’s sword.)

      Piandao: Sokka, when you first arrived, you were so unsure. You even
      seemed down on yourself. But I saw something in you right away. I saw a
      heart as strong as a lion turtle, and twice as big. And as we trained, it
      wasn&#x27;t your skills that impressed me. (Fat kneels to Piandao and gives him
      the sword) No, it certainly wasn&#x27;t your skills. (Sokka looks down in
      shame) You showed something beyond that. (unsheathes the sword, showing
      its black blade) Creativity, versatility, intelligence…these are the
      traits that define a great swordsman. And these are the traits that define
      you. (sheathes the sword, kneels and gives it to Sokka) You told me you
      didn&#x27;t know if you were worthy, but I believe that you are more worthy
      than any man I have ever trained.

      (Cut to a shot of the sword in Sokka’s hands. The camera tilts up to Sokka
      as he lowers his head in shame.)

      Sokka: I&#x27;m sorry, Master. You&#x27;re wrong. I am not worthy. I&#x27;m not who you
      think I am. I&#x27;m not from the Fire Nation. I&#x27;m from the Southern Water
      Tribe. (Aang, Katara, and Toph all gawk at Sokka with shock and disbelief)
      I lied so that I could learn swordsmanship from you. I&#x27;m sorry.

      (Sokka holds his sword up for Piandao to take. Cut to a close up of
      Piandao frowning and turning away.)

      Piandao: I&#x27;m sorry, too.

      (Piandao quickly turns back around and swings his sword at Sokka. Sokka
      stands and avoids the attack, using his sheathed sword to block a thrust
      from Piandao. Aang, Katara, and Toph get up and go to help Sokka, but he
      raises his hand to stop them.)

      Sokka: No, this is my fight, alone.

      (Cut to a close up of Piandao before cutting to Iroh’s cell. Warden Poon
      enters, carrying a tray of food. The camera pans right to a close up of
      Iroh.)

      Warden Poon: You used to be the pride of The Fire Nation. Our top general.
      The Dragon of the West. Now, look at you. (drops the food to the floor.
      Iroh grabs a green fruit from behind the bars) Look what you&#x27;ve become.

      (Iroh watches the warden leave and stands up. He puts the fruit to his
      mouth and holds it in his teeth as he begins to untie his belt. His shirt
      comes off and a thick, folded sheet that had been covering his belly falls
      to the floor. The camera tilts up to reveal Iroh’s new, incredibly buff
      physique. Iroh takes the fruit from his mouth and bites into it. He jumps
      up and grabs a bar above with one hand. Iroh takes another bite of the
      fruit and begins doing one handed pulls ups.

      The scene cuts to a shot of Sokka and Piandao squared off in the sword
      fighting ring.
      Aang, Katara, Toph, and Fat watch from the upper part of the main
      building. Cut to and zoom in on Sokka, ready with his black sword. Cut to
      a shot of the tip of Piandao’s sword pointed at the ground. The camera
      tilts up to him, his other hand raised and pointed. The others watch
      nervously. Cut to a panning right close up of Sokka, then to a panning
      left close up of Piandao. Piandao lunges forward and begins his attack,
      striking four times. Sokka deflects the blows and stabs at Piandao.
      Piandao moves his head out of the way and stabs at Sokka, who sways back
      and avoids the attack; Piandao sweeps his sword at Sokka’s legs, but Sokka
      jumps over it and lunges at Piandao, thrusting his sword forward. Piandao
      deflects Sokka’s blade and hits him with the butt of his sword’s hilt.
      Sokka is knocked back several feet and slides over the floor. Sokka flips
      himself backward and grabs a post of a small bridge to regain his balance.
      He quickly climbs onto the post and leaps to the other one just as Piandao
      thrusts his sword at him. Piandao spins around and tries to slice Sokka’s
      foot, but Sokka jumps away to the other rail of the bridge. Piandao stabs
      at Sokka again, but Sokka jumps off the rail and rolls to the side.
      Piandao strikes again, but Sokka rolls under the blade. Sokka blocks
      Piandao’s next strikes as he gains distance and hop back on the railing.
      Sokka leaps away to the end of the bridge as Piandao swings his sword at
      him.)

      Piandao: Excellent! Using your superior agility against an older
      opponent…smart.

      (Piandao charges at Sokka again, striking at Sokka and pushing him up a
      large stone stairway. Sokka blocks all of the attacks, but the force
      pushes him against the wall of the stairway. He deflects a thrust from
      Piandao upward, then ducks as the blade slices through the part of the
      wall above his shoulder. Piandao swings his sword around his head and body
      in two large circles. Sokka barely dodges Piandao’s blade, cart wheeling
      to the right. Sokka spins back around, hops a foot off the ground and
      pushes off the wall with his legs, propelling himself forward, sword
      extended. Piandao deflects the attack and Sokka rolls across the stair to
      the other wall, climbing to the top.)

      Piandao: Good use of terrain…fighting from the high ground.

      (Sokka swings at Piandao below him, who parries and swings at Sokka.
      Piandao thrusts his sword at Sokka, who pins the blade under his own
      blade, weighted down under his feet. Piandao tries to wrench his sword
      free, but can’t. He leans forward and pushes his sword upward, throwing
      Sokka off. Sokka grunts as he stumbles back into a tall stalk of bamboo.
      Cut to a shot of Toph, Aang, and Katara all wincing at the sight. Cut back
      to Sokka as he looks up fearfully, strands of hair falling over his face.
      Piandao raises his sword and charges at Sokka. Sokka ducks as Piandao
      slices the bamboo just above his head. He runs off into the bamboo
      thicket, slicing through as many surrounding stalks of bamboo that he can.
      As Piandao chases after, the stalks all begin to fall. Piandao skillfully
      cuts through the bamboo. Sokka desperately runs through the bamboo and
      turns, grabbing a stalk and pulling it. He lets it go just as Piandao
      catches up, causing the bamboo to whip back at Piandao. Piandao cuts
      through the stalk and begins to strike at Sokka, who deflects and runs off
      again, grabbing two bamboo stalks.)

      Piandao: Yes, use your surroundings. Make them fight for you!

      (Sokka lets go of the stalks. They whip around at Piandao, who slices
      through them. Cut to a shot of Sokka running out of the bamboo and back
      towards the sword fighting ring, screaming in terror and Piandao not far
      behind. The Camera shifts to Sokka’s front. He is very frightened and
      takes a look behind, but Piandao has run off to the side and out of sight.
      By the time Sokka looks ahead, Piandao is already in front of him and
      pokes his sword out in front of Sokka, trying to make him run into it.
      However, Sokka leans back.

      The scene goes into slow motion and the camera cuts to an overhead close
      up of Sokka sliding under the blade. The scene comes back to normal speed
      as Sokka stands back up and stumbles forward, stabbing his sword into the
      ground to stop his fall. Using his momentum, Sokka swings his sword back
      around, flinging dirt and dust at Piandao. The scene goes into slow motion
      again and the camera cuts to a close up of Piandao as the dirt hits him in
      the face, blinding him. The scene comes back to normal speed as Piandao
      spins around and positions his sword behind his back to defend any sneak
      attacks. Cut to a close up of Piandao trying to blink the dirt out of his
      eyes.)

      Piandao: Very resourceful.

      (Piandao turns his head and listens for any sounds. Sokka nervously raises
      his sword defensively. He then slowly tries to sneak away, careful not to
      make any noises that would give away his location. Unfortunately, Sokka
      steps on a lone twig on the ground, snapping it. Piandao turns his head
      towards Sokka when he hears it. He twirls his sword around into an
      offensive position and charges forward. Sokka takes a step back as Piandao
      closes in and stabs at him. Sokka parries the attack, but Piandao catches
      Sokka’s blade with his own. He pushes Sokka’s sword around in two circles
      and flings Sokka’s sword out of his hands. Sokka watches as the sword
      stabs into the ground several feet away.

      The scene then goes into slow motion as Piandao swings his sword in large,
      horizontal arc at Sokka. Sokka is not cut by the bade, but is instead hit
      in the chest by Piandao’s arms, knocking him on his back. Sokka looks up
      fearfully as Piandao turns and points his sword at Sokka’s head. Aang,
      Katara, and Toph all jump from the building to the ground and run towards
      Sokka and Piandao. Cut to a close up of Piandao. The camera zooms out as
      he swings his sword away from Sokka, halting Aang, Katara, and Toph.)

      Piandao: Excellent work, Sokka.

      (Cut to a shot of Sokka squinting at Piandao curiously. Cut to a shot of
      Piandao with Aang, Katara, and Toph in the background. He raises his hand
      and the camera tilts up slightly as he signals to Fat. Fat flings the
      scabbard of Piandao’s sword towards him. Still blinded, Piandao turns and
      points his sword upward, letting the scabbard fly right onto the blade.)

      Piandao: I think I&#x27;m a little old to be fighting the Avatar.

      (Cut to a shot of Aang, Katara, and Toph in their bending stances. They
      come out of their stances and look at each other in surprise.)

      Aang: How did you know‌

      (Cut to a shot of Piandao and Sokka. Sokka stands back up as Fat walks on
      screen carrying a drink and a white cloth.)

      Piandao: Oh, I&#x27;ve been around a while. You pick things up. (wipes the dirt
      off his face with the cloth) Of course, I knew from the beginning that
      Sokka was Water Tribe. You might want to think of a better Fire Nation
      cover name. Try &quot;Lee.&quot; There&#x27;s a million “Lees” (sips his drink).
      Katara: But why would you agree to train someone from the Water Tribe‌
      Piandao: The way of the sword doesn&#x27;t belong to any one nation. Knowledge
      of the arts belongs to us all. (gives his sword to Fat. He pulls Sokka’s
      sword out of the ground and gives it back to Sokka) Sokka, you must
      continue your training on your own. If you stay on this path, I know that
      one day you will become an even greater master than I am.

      (Cut to a shot of Aang, Katara, and Sokka all smiling warmly. Cut back to
      Sokka and Piandao as they bow to each other. The scene cuts to a wide shot
      of the group leaving Piandao’s castle through the front gates. Cut to a
      closer shot of the group from the front. Fat is running up to them from
      behind.)

      Fat: Wait. (everyone turns to him) The Master wanted you to have this, as
      something to remember him by.

      (Cut to a close up of Fat giving a small, brown bag to Sokka. They all bow
      as a farewell and Fat walks back to the castle. The camera zooms in as
      Sokka opens the bag and pulls out a white lotus Pai Sho tile.)

      Sokka: It&#x27;s a Pai Sho tile.

      (Cut to a close up of the tile in Sokka’s hands.)

      Aang: The white lotus. Hm.
      Katara: What does it mean‌
      Sokka: I have no idea. (Fat is seen in the background closing the doors.
      Sokka and Aang look back and the camera zooms in on the doors, clearly
      showing a lotus design on the doors surrounding the Fire Nation symbol)
      Ooh, that reminds me. Toph, I thought you might like this since you&#x27;ve
      probably never had a chance to bend space earth before.

      (Sokka pulls from his pocket a chunk of the meteorite used to make his
      sword. Cut to a close up of the black space earth as Toph takes it.)

      Toph: Sweet. Check this out.

      (Cut to a close up of the space earth floating between Toph’s hands. She
      shapes it into a swirl, a star, and then a splatter shaped similarly to
      the Nickelodeon logo. Cut to a shot of the group as they walk off down the
      trail.)

      Katara: You know, I don&#x27;t think there&#x27;s such a thing as &quot;space earth.&quot; If
      it&#x27;s from space, then it&#x27;s not really ‘earth’.
      Sokka: Must you ruin everything‌
      Katara: I can&#x27;t believe I missed you.

      (Cut to a wide, overhead shot of Piandao’s castle and the Avatar gang
      walking away. Fade to white.)

      [End Credits]
</pre></td>
      <td><pre class="script">
第四回
索卡拜师

24
00:01:26,351 --&gt; 00:01:29,820
哇哦，这真是太壮观了

25
00:01:29,921 --&gt; 00:01:32,723
这让我感觉到咱们是多么的渺小

26
00:01:32,824 --&gt; 00:01:36,793
呃，跟我说这些有什么用，对牛弹琴

27
00:01:38,930 --&gt; 00:01:39,830
噢，天哪

28
00:01:39,864 --&gt; 00:01:41,965
我肯定你不会再见到这样的奇景的

29
00:01:55,179 --&gt; 00:01:59,816
大火肯定会把村子烧毁的

30
00:01:59,917 --&gt; 00:02:01,218
放心，这点火咱们能搞定的

31
00:02:04,122 --&gt; 00:02:05,722
那边有条小溪

32
00:02:05,823 --&gt; 00:02:07,624
咱们可以用那里的水来救火

33
00:02:07,725 --&gt; 00:02:10,761
拓芙，咱们一起弄条沟，阻止火势继续蔓延

34
00:02:12,330 --&gt; 00:02:13,363
那我该做啥哩？

35
00:02:14,766 --&gt; 00:02:16,166
看好模模

36
00:02:16,267 --&gt; 00:02:19,770
啥，我就只能当狐猴保姆？

37
00:02:19,871 --&gt; 00:02:20,837
乖啊，摸摸毛

38
00:02:20,938 --&gt; 00:02:21,772
吓不着

39
00:02:57,809 --&gt; 00:03:01,044
索卡，站远点

40
00:03:01,145 --&gt; 00:03:03,146
好的，站远点

41
00:03:03,247 --&gt; 00:03:03,847
遵命

42
00:03:12,523 --&gt; 00:03:14,958
大家干的好，合作愉快

43
00:03:35,346 --&gt; 00:03:36,246
看看你

44
00:03:36,314 --&gt; 00:03:39,082
恶心的肥老头一个

45
00:03:39,183 --&gt; 00:03:41,518
吃了睡，睡醒了又吃

46
00:03:41,619 --&gt; 00:03:45,222
你跟那些吃饱了在猪圈里打滚的猪有什么两样

47
00:03:45,323 --&gt; 00:03:46,656
你可真够丢人的

48
00:04:01,172 --&gt; 00:04:06,109
这些人根本就不知道，昨天晚上他们差点就被烤熟了

49
00:04:06,210 --&gt; 00:04:08,545
是啊，最糟的是现在咱们伪装之后

50
00:04:08,646 --&gt; 00:04:11,081
再也不能被别人当成英雄顶礼膜拜了

51
00:04:11,182 --&gt; 00:04:12,783
真怀念那种被热爱的感觉

52
00:04:12,884 --&gt; 00:04:15,686
哼，哼，可怜的英雄啊

53
00:04:15,787 --&gt; 00:04:17,287
你怎么了？阴阳怪气的

54
00:04:17,388 --&gt; 00:04:19,556
烟熏海牛你连动都没动

55
00:04:19,657 --&gt; 00:04:22,592
只是，你们哥几个都有很像样的看家本事

56
00:04:22,694 --&gt; 00:04:27,097
可以扑灭森林大火啦，到处飞行啦
要不就是可以让其他的东西到处乱飞

57
00:04:28,099 --&gt; 00:04:29,900
我可不会飞，知道吗

58
00:04:30,001 --&gt; 00:04:32,302
我一事无成

59
00:04:32,403 --&gt; 00:04:34,104
这话你说的不对

60
00:04:34,205 --&gt; 00:04:36,239
除了你，这里没有人可以看懂地图

61
00:04:36,341 --&gt; 00:04:37,874
别说读了，我都根本看不见

62
00:04:38,009 --&gt; 00:04:40,711
没错啊，你说的那些挖苦人的话
不知给我们带来了多少欢笑

63
00:04:40,812 --&gt; 00:04:43,680
你就说说卡塔拉的头发吧，咋样

64
00:04:43,781 --&gt; 00:04:44,848
你给整两句批判批判？

65
00:04:44,949 --&gt; 00:04:45,716
啥？

66
00:04:45,817 --&gt; 00:04:47,250
我的头发咋的啦？

67
00:04:47,352 --&gt; 00:04:49,052
没啥啊，我不是想...

68
00:04:49,153 --&gt; 00:04:52,089
我知道你们想让我好过一点，不过事实是

69
00:04:52,190 --&gt; 00:04:57,160
你们每个人都很棒很独特，只有我不是

70
00:04:58,363 --&gt; 00:05:00,797
我是团队中垫底的普通人

71
00:05:04,268 --&gt; 00:05:08,638
抱歉让你心情如此低落
不过希望你能明白，大家都是十分看好你的

72
00:05:11,409 --&gt; 00:05:12,943
我知道怎样能让你心情好起来

73
00:05:13,044 --&gt; 00:05:14,711
真的吗？

74
00:05:14,812 --&gt; 00:05:17,014
购物啦

75
00:05:17,115 --&gt; 00:05:20,951
没准有啥东西能够点燃我的士气

76
00:05:21,686 --&gt; 00:05:22,986
嘿，双截棍咋样？

77
00:05:25,323 --&gt; 00:05:26,757
呼呼哈嘿，快使用双截棍

78
00:05:30,661 --&gt; 00:05:32,195
看我这身装备咋样？

79
00:05:32,296 --&gt; 00:05:36,299
很炫吧，对不？

80
00:05:36,401 --&gt; 00:05:38,835
就差一把疾风剑了

81
00:05:38,936 --&gt; 00:05:40,137
啥是疾风剑啊？

82
00:05:40,238 --&gt; 00:05:41,605
就是我手中握一个剑把

83
00:05:41,639 --&gt; 00:05:44,975
当我挥舞之时，就可以御气成剑

84
00:05:48,212 --&gt; 00:05:50,414
是哈，不错

85
00:05:53,217 --&gt; 00:05:54,818
我还是立足现状吧

86
00:06:21,512 --&gt; 00:06:24,047
这才是索卡想要的哩

87
00:06:24,148 --&gt; 00:06:25,215
你的眼光不错嘛

88
00:06:25,316 --&gt; 00:06:27,284
那可是由“劈黯道”亲手打制的

89
00:06:27,385 --&gt; 00:06:30,320
他是火宗有史以来最优秀的剑客和铸剑师

90
00:06:30,421 --&gt; 00:06:33,290
山上的庄园就是他的居所

91
00:06:33,391 --&gt; 00:06:35,292
有了

92
00:06:35,393 --&gt; 00:06:37,394
索卡，这不就是你一直所要的吗

93
00:06:37,495 --&gt; 00:06:38,095
一柄剑？

94
00:06:38,196 --&gt; 00:06:39,262
不是剑

95
00:06:39,364 --&gt; 00:06:41,131
是给你找个师傅

96
00:06:41,232 --&gt; 00:06:43,266
我都是在拜师之后，武艺才得到精进的

97
00:06:43,368 --&gt; 00:06:45,202
我想你应该拜 “劈黯道” 为师

98
00:06:45,303 --&gt; 00:06:46,803
好主意

99
00:06:46,871 --&gt; 00:06:49,573
要不是帕库师傅的点拨
我的御水术根本达不到现在的水平

100
00:06:49,674 --&gt; 00:06:51,274
每个人都需要一位导师

101
00:06:51,376 --&gt; 00:06:53,477
我是从獾鼠那儿学会的御土术

102
00:06:53,578 --&gt; 00:06:55,846
它们虽然不言不语的，不过却是不错的师傅

103
00:06:55,947 --&gt; 00:06:59,116
能成为一名剑客一定很帅

104
00:07:00,685 --&gt; 00:07:02,352
好吧，我这就去拜师

105
00:07:27,912 --&gt; 00:07:30,681
你有啥事吗？

106
00:07:30,782 --&gt; 00:07:32,516
我来这儿是想拜到大师门下学习剑术

107
00:07:32,617 --&gt; 00:07:35,886
你应该知道，大师收徒的条件是十分严格的

108
00:07:36,954 --&gt; 00:07:38,488
你说你是可塑之材，有什么凭证吗？

109
00:07:38,589 --&gt; 00:07:41,792
那个，呃...

110
00:07:41,893 --&gt; 00:07:42,993
算了

111
00:07:43,094 --&gt; 00:07:44,728
这步咱们省了吧

112
00:07:56,441 --&gt; 00:08:00,377
大师，敝人索卡，我希望能够拜您为师研习剑术

113
00:08:00,478 --&gt; 00:08:02,045
索卡

114
00:08:02,113 --&gt; 00:08:03,847
这名字很少见嘛

115
00:08:03,948 --&gt; 00:08:05,349
哦，呃，是吗？

116
00:08:05,450 --&gt; 00:08:07,684
呃，我来自火宗的殖民地

117
00:08:07,785 --&gt; 00:08:11,488
在我们那儿这个名字很普遍的

118
00:08:11,589 --&gt; 00:08:13,256
这么说

119
00:08:13,358 --&gt; 00:08:15,959
你肯是从你的村庄不远万里至此

120
00:08:16,060 --&gt; 00:08:18,628
你是你们那里数一数二的剑客

121
00:08:18,730 --&gt; 00:08:22,065
你自以为理应受到本大师的指点，对不

122
00:08:22,166 --&gt; 00:08:24,534
那个，事实上，我已经走遍了天下

123
00:08:24,635 --&gt; 00:08:26,937
是吗，接着说

124
00:08:27,038 --&gt; 00:08:31,008
不过有一件事我可以肯定，就是我要学习的还有很多

125
00:08:31,109 --&gt; 00:08:35,078
看来你不太善于推销自己

126
00:08:35,179 --&gt; 00:08:36,680
没错

127
00:08:36,714 --&gt; 00:08:39,516
您的管家告诉我，当我见到您时需要证明我的实力

128
00:08:39,617 --&gt; 00:08:42,452
不过事实是，我并不知道自己是否配拜您为师

129
00:08:42,553 --&gt; 00:08:45,255
嗯，我知道了

130
00:08:45,356 --&gt; 00:08:50,761
这样吧，光说不练嘴把式，咱们一试便知

131
00:08:52,630 --&gt; 00:08:54,664
我会收你为徒的

132
00:09:00,904 --&gt; 00:09:05,159
首先你必须把剑视为你自己的一种延伸

133
00:09:05,159 --&gt; 00:09:07,743
必须把它当成是自己身体的一部分

134
00:09:09,445 --&gt; 00:09:11,313
就像又长了一个头

135
00:09:11,414 --&gt; 00:09:16,451
其实，它更像是一条更长更锋利的手臂

136
00:09:16,553 --&gt; 00:09:20,289
剑是个简单的武器，不过在大师的手中

137
00:09:20,390 --&gt; 00:09:26,161
它便可幻化成无所不能的神器
可以随心所欲，呼风唤雨

138
00:09:26,262 --&gt; 00:09:29,264
所以剑是一种可塑性极强的武器

139
00:09:30,800 --&gt; 00:09:33,669
今天咱们该干啥哩？

140
00:09:33,770 --&gt; 00:09:34,937
我都无聊死了

141
00:09:35,038 --&gt; 00:09:37,039
我都已经锉了两遍脚趾头了

142
00:09:37,140 --&gt; 00:09:38,874
两次？

143
00:09:38,908 --&gt; 00:09:44,146
第一遍是为了清洁，不过
第二遍纯粹是为了享受那个过程

144
00:09:44,247 --&gt; 00:09:45,914
一向都是索卡负责安排日程的

145
00:09:46,015 --&gt; 00:09:47,583
没了他都不知道该干啥了

146
00:09:47,684 --&gt; 00:09:50,786
再说，今天真的太热了

147
00:09:50,887 --&gt; 00:09:52,487
能有多热？

148
00:09:52,589 --&gt; 00:09:53,322
我不知道

149
00:09:53,423 --&gt; 00:09:54,590
相当的热？

150
00:09:54,657 --&gt; 00:10:00,495
很热很热，热得模模都像阿柏一样脱毛了

151
00:10:04,834 --&gt; 00:10:07,469
你咋就没能遗传你们家的幽默感呢

152
00:10:07,537 --&gt; 00:10:09,938
噢，大家咋都那么挑剔呢

153
00:10:22,185 --&gt; 00:10:26,855
正所谓艺多不压身，学习其他的技艺
可以保持思维敏捷而顺畅

154
00:10:26,956 --&gt; 00:10:29,157
你首先要学的就是书法

155
00:10:29,259 --&gt; 00:10:31,827
写下你的名字

156
00:10:31,928 --&gt; 00:10:34,663
写名字就能成为好剑客了吗？

157
00:10:34,764 --&gt; 00:10:39,134
见字如见人，从纸上写下的名字就能看出你的品质

158
00:10:39,235 --&gt; 00:10:43,472
而御剑正如运笔一样，你必须
学会在剑招中体现你的本色

159
00:10:46,176 --&gt; 00:10:53,801
记住，落笔不回，御剑亦是如此

160
00:10:56,286 --&gt; 00:10:59,354
你把墨汁都弄到脸上了

161
00:10:59,455 --&gt; 00:11:01,023
是吗？

162
00:11:01,124 --&gt; 00:11:02,291
有了

163
00:11:02,325 --&gt; 00:11:04,293
我要做的就是在纸上体现自我，对不？

164
00:11:30,453 --&gt; 00:11:34,857
写生可以让武士学会熟记地形于脑中的本领

165
00:11:38,027 --&gt; 00:11:41,864
作战之时，可能只有片刻来记住一切

166
00:11:49,000 --&gt; 00:11:51,400
现在，把你看过的画下来

167
00:11:54,000 --&gt; 00:11:56,000
不许偷看

168
00:12:10,159 --&gt; 00:12:13,262
我画完了

169
00:12:13,363 --&gt; 00:12:15,564
你加了一条彩虹

170
00:12:15,665 --&gt; 00:12:18,467
不可以吗？

171
00:12:25,742 --&gt; 00:12:27,676
索卡

172
00:12:29,512 --&gt; 00:12:33,182
作战时一定要集中精力

173
00:12:33,283 --&gt; 00:12:37,152
岩石园艺可以让武士学会掌控周围的环境的本领

174
00:12:37,253 --&gt; 00:12:39,655
并学会善用天时地利

175
00:12:39,756 --&gt; 00:12:43,859
嗯，善用天时地利？

176
00:13:06,382 --&gt; 00:13:08,750
嘿，麻烦你给我拿杯冷饮行不

177
00:13:09,953 --&gt; 00:13:12,054
拜托给我也拿一杯，里面加片柠檬

178
00:13:50,326 --&gt; 00:13:52,094
你在里面折腾啥呢？

179
00:13:57,834 --&gt; 00:13:59,001
疯老头

180
00:14:05,408 --&gt; 00:14:07,609
咱们接下来该去哪儿了？

181
00:14:07,710 --&gt; 00:14:09,945
咱们从这儿出发

182
00:14:10,046 --&gt; 00:14:12,247
不对，咱们在这个岛上

183
00:14:12,348 --&gt; 00:14:15,150
你们两个糨糊脑袋，肯定不知道自己在干啥呢吧

184
00:14:15,251 --&gt; 00:14:16,451
我好想索卡啊

185
00:14:16,553 --&gt; 00:14:18,754
哦，有了

186
00:14:18,855 --&gt; 00:14:22,291
既然你这么想他，干嘛不嫁给他呢？

187
00:14:29,966 --&gt; 00:14:31,934
你第一天的修行做的不错

188
00:14:32,035 --&gt; 00:14:33,735
真的吗？

189
00:14:33,870 --&gt; 00:14:36,071
我觉得我好像把每件事都给搞砸了

190
00:14:36,172 --&gt; 00:14:39,608
不过你搞砸的方式都很特别

191
00:14:39,709 --&gt; 00:14:42,211
你已经具备配真剑的资格了

192
00:14:43,379 --&gt; 00:14:44,613
这么说你要送我一柄您的剑喽？

193
00:14:44,714 --&gt; 00:14:45,514
答错

194
00:14:46,749 --&gt; 00:14:50,252
你的剑必须是你自己的延伸

195
00:14:50,353 --&gt; 00:14:54,189
所以明日，你就自己铸剑吧

196
00:15:02,230 --&gt; 00:15:06,834
对于铸剑来说，选材最为重要

197
00:15:06,935 --&gt; 00:15:09,636
你今后要与这材料作出的剑生死相依

198
00:15:09,738 --&gt; 00:15:10,738
所以一定要挑仔细了

199
00:15:16,700 --&gt; 00:15:22,384
师傅，可否让我离开一下
带些特殊的材料回来铸我的剑

200
00:15:22,384 --&gt; 00:15:24,284
你自己斟酌吧

201
00:15:28,123 --&gt; 00:15:28,822
索卡来了

202
00:15:29,991 --&gt; 00:15:30,791
嘿，伙计们

203
00:15:30,892 --&gt; 00:15:31,692
你们过的咋样啊？

204
00:15:31,793 --&gt; 00:15:32,292
索卡？

205
00:15:32,327 --&gt; 00:15:32,960
你回来了

206
00:15:33,061 --&gt; 00:15:34,962
我们真是太想你了

207
00:15:35,063 --&gt; 00:15:36,597
说点搞笑的

208
00:15:36,698 --&gt; 00:15:38,065
要多搞笑？

209
00:15:40,969 --&gt; 00:15:42,403
他们这是抽哪门子风啊？

210
00:15:42,504 --&gt; 00:15:43,871
不晓得

211
00:15:43,972 --&gt; 00:15:45,472
可能就是想你了呗

212
00:15:45,573 --&gt; 00:15:46,940
我无所谓

213
00:15:47,042 --&gt; 00:15:47,841
谢了

214
00:15:47,942 --&gt; 00:15:49,576
你们可真窝心啊

215
00:15:49,678 --&gt; 00:15:51,045
言归正传，我需要你们帮忙

216
00:16:27,682 --&gt; 00:16:28,315
这些人是谁啊？

217
00:16:28,350 --&gt; 00:16:30,217
哦，他们都是我的死党

218
00:16:30,318 --&gt; 00:16:33,854
也都是火宗的好儿女

219
00:16:33,955 --&gt; 00:16:36,690
您觉得我们可以用这陨石铸剑吗？

220
00:16:36,791 --&gt; 00:16:40,327
这剑一定会举世无双的

221
00:17:38,620 --&gt; 00:17:43,090
索卡，你初到这儿时，十分的不自信

222
00:17:43,191 --&gt; 00:17:45,392
甚至有点自卑

223
00:17:45,493 --&gt; 00:17:48,128
不过现在的你自信了许多

224
00:17:48,229 --&gt; 00:17:52,866
现在你的心胸，估计就连狮龟也会自愧不如的

225
00:17:52,967 --&gt; 00:17:57,271
在你修炼的这些时日，令我印象深刻的不是你的技艺

226
00:17:57,372 --&gt; 00:18:01,075
没错，你的武艺还欠些火候

227
00:18:02,243 --&gt; 00:18:05,779
不过你却将超越技艺的东西展现在我的眼前

228
00:18:05,880 --&gt; 00:18:11,085
富有创造力，能够随机应变，而且聪慧机敏

229
00:18:11,186 --&gt; 00:18:13,721
这些品质无疑是伟大的剑客所必需具备的

230
00:18:13,822 --&gt; 00:18:17,725
而你却将它们集于一身

231
00:18:17,726 --&gt; 00:18:22,029
你曾跟我说过，你不知自己是否配成为一名剑客

232
00:18:22,130 --&gt; 00:18:28,102
我现在可以答复你，你是
我所有的徒弟中最优秀的一位

233
00:18:31,373 --&gt; 00:18:32,906
对不起，师傅

234
00:18:33,008 --&gt; 00:18:34,041
你错了

235
00:18:34,142 --&gt; 00:18:36,110
我不配

236
00:18:36,211 --&gt; 00:18:38,178
我没有你想的那么好

237
00:18:38,279 --&gt; 00:18:39,346
我并不是火宗人

238
00:18:39,447 --&gt; 00:18:41,548
我来自南方水族

239
00:18:41,649 --&gt; 00:18:44,385
我是为了能够学到您的武艺才撒谎的

240
00:18:45,820 --&gt; 00:18:46,286
对不起

241
00:18:46,388 --&gt; 00:18:49,623
那我也要对不起了

242
00:18:52,660 --&gt; 00:18:56,897
不，这场仗我要独自面对

243
00:19:01,236 --&gt; 00:19:04,038
你曾是烈火国的骄傲

244
00:19:04,139 --&gt; 00:19:07,141
护国大将军，响当当的“西方神龙”啊

245
00:19:07,242 --&gt; 00:19:10,000
现在，再看看你

246
00:19:11,348 --&gt; 00:19:12,663
看看你都变成啥样了

247
00:20:05,533 --&gt; 00:20:07,067
不错嘛

248
00:20:07,168 --&gt; 00:20:10,204
充分的运用了你年轻敏捷的优势

249
00:20:10,305 --&gt; 00:20:11,472
聪明

250
00:20:27,989 --&gt; 00:20:29,490
地形利用的不错

251
00:20:29,591 --&gt; 00:20:30,624
孺子可教也

252
00:20:55,684 --&gt; 00:20:58,952
不错，善用周围的事物

253
00:20:59,054 --&gt; 00:21:00,721
让它们成为你的帮手

254
00:21:16,838 --&gt; 00:21:19,907
小鬼很机智嘛

255
00:21:49,170 --&gt; 00:21:50,571
索卡，打得好

256
00:21:58,947 --&gt; 00:22:02,449
我都这把年纪了，就不跟神通支把了

257
00:22:03,818 --&gt; 00:22:04,618
您是怎么知道的？

258
00:22:04,719 --&gt; 00:22:07,221
哦，我偶尔也会到处游历一番

259
00:22:07,322 --&gt; 00:22:08,655
想不知道你们的事都难

260
00:22:08,723 --&gt; 00:22:11,091
当然啦，一开始我就知道索卡是水族的了

261
00:22:11,192 --&gt; 00:22:15,396
下回你最好找个好点的假名

262
00:22:16,231 --&gt; 00:22:17,398
李 这个名字就不错

263
00:22:17,499 --&gt; 00:22:18,999
叫李的人一把一把的
（应该跟祖寇好好学学，人家的假名就是李）

264
00:22:19,104 --&gt; 00:22:22,237
不过你怎么会肯收水族的人为徒呢？

265
00:22:22,237 --&gt; 00:22:25,439
剑术哪有国界之分

266
00:22:25,540 --&gt; 00:22:28,142
武艺的传承是全天下的责任

267
00:22:31,680 --&gt; 00:22:37,151
索卡，今后的修行就要靠你自己了

268
00:22:37,252 --&gt; 00:22:40,888
只要你能持之以恒，终有一日

269
00:22:40,989 --&gt; 00:22:44,191
你会成为比我还优秀的一代宗师的

270
00:22:52,901 --&gt; 00:22:54,702
等等

271
00:22:54,803 --&gt; 00:22:59,506
大师说要把这个给你，给你留个念相

272
00:23:06,915 --&gt; 00:23:08,148
是个“牌手”棋子

273
00:23:08,249 --&gt; 00:23:09,817
白莲

274
00:23:10,819 --&gt; 00:23:11,752
它有什么意义吗？

275
00:23:11,853 --&gt; 00:23:12,753
不晓得

276
00:23:16,424 --&gt; 00:23:18,158
哦，倒是提醒我了

277
00:23:18,259 --&gt; 00:23:19,626
托芙，这个给你吧

278
00:23:19,728 --&gt; 00:23:22,930
你之前肯定没对外太空的土用过御术吧

279
00:23:23,031 --&gt; 00:23:24,832
太帅了

280
00:23:24,933 --&gt; 00:23:27,968
让你们见识见识

281
00:23:30,572 --&gt; 00:23:33,374
依我看，根本就没有什么所谓的“外太空土”存在

282
00:23:33,475 --&gt; 00:23:36,343
如果它真的是从外太空来的
又怎们能叫土呢

283
00:23:36,444 --&gt; 00:23:37,778
你干嘛非要扫大家的兴不可？

284
00:23:37,879 --&gt; 00:23:39,513
真不敢相信我居然那么想你

285
00:23:40,160 --&gt; 00:23:43,663
-=未完待续=-
翻译/校译：Tucity http://blog.sina.com.cn/tucity
时间轴：花与虫 http://bugsandflowers.blogspot.com
本字幕仅为个人学习之用，请勿用作商业用途

1
00:00:02,638 --&gt; 00:00:04,735
水善国

2
00:00:05,238 --&gt; 00:00:06,636
土强国

3
00:00:07,052 --&gt; 00:00:08,739
火烈国

4
00:00:09,135 --&gt; 00:00:10,207
气和国

5
00:00:11,600 --&gt; 00:00:15,044
很久以前，这四大国和谐共处

6
00:00:15,527 --&gt; 00:00:19,532
然而，烈火国发起的战争结束了和平

7
00:00:19,955 --&gt; 00:00:23,749
只有同时掌握四种元素的降世神通才能结束战争

8
00:00:23,750 --&gt; 00:00:27,056
然而在大家最需要他的时候，他却消失了

9
00:00:27,432 --&gt; 00:00:30,824
100年后，我和哥哥发现了转世的降世神通

10
00:00:31,198 --&gt; 00:00:33,066
他是个御气师，名叫“安昂”

11
00:00:33,101 --&gt; 00:00:35,474
尽管他的御气术着实了得

12
00:00:35,509 --&gt; 00:00:38,135
在拯救苍生之前，他要学的还有很多

13
00:00:39,134 --&gt; 00:00:42,127
但是我坚信 安昂能拯救这个世界

14
00:00:42,300 --&gt; 00:00:47,086
-=降世神通=-
最后的气宗
翻译/校译：Tucity http://blog.sina.com.cn/tucity
时间轴：花与虫 http://bugsandflowers.blogspot.com
本字幕仅为个人学习之用，请勿用作商业用途

15
00:00:47,929 --&gt; 00:00:50,081
降世神通 前情提要

16
00:00:51,049 --&gt; 00:00:53,183
祖寇，我以你为傲

17
00:00:53,284 --&gt; 00:00:56,253
你消灭了降世神通

18
00:00:57,321 --&gt; 00:00:59,690
你愤世嫉俗的样子真美

19
00:00:59,791 --&gt; 00:01:01,625
可我并不讨厌你

20
00:01:01,726 --&gt; 00:01:03,293
我也不讨厌你

21
00:01:04,962 --&gt; 00:01:07,497
我得到了我所期盼的一切

22
00:01:07,598 --&gt; 00:01:09,700
然而并不全像我想要的那样

23
00:01:09,801 --&gt; 00:01:12,336
神通还活着

24
00:01:12,437 --&gt; 00:01:13,804
我要你找到他

25
00:01:13,905 --&gt; 00:01:16,206
送他上西天

26
00:01:17,078 --&gt; 00:01:22,825
第三卷
火
</pre></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
