# S03E07 - The Runaway

**Languages:** English / 中文

<table class="script-table">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>English</th>
      <th>中文</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><pre class="script">
The Runaway

Written By: Josh Hamilton
Directed By: Giancarlo Volpe
Storyboard: Michael Chang, Juan Meza-Leon, Bobby Rubio, Giancarlo Volpe
Animation By: Moi Animation
Transcribers: Avatar_Mom, dragonofthewest

[“Previously on Avatar” sequence includes clips from The Chase and The
Headband]

Act I

(The episode opens with a bird’s eye view of Fire Fountain Village,
looking down on the giant flaming statue of Ozai that dominates the town
square. The camera cuts to a close-up of the statue’s face and pans down
to the ground, so that we see Toph running out from a side street towards
the statue. She reaches the base of the statue and turns around, only to
be engulfed in a net flung from the direction of the camera. She falls to
the ground, hogtied. As Fire Nation “domestic forces” approach her, she
looks up accusingly.)

Toph: How could you do this to me‌ You betrayed me!

(Cut to Katara, standing over Toph with an angry glare.)

Katara: You brought this on yourself. I had no choice.

(She folds her arms and turns her back on Toph. The helpless earthbender
is dragged away.

Cut to an isolated area somewhere in the vicinity of Fire Fountain
Village, three days prior to the scene described above. Toph and Katara
face each other, apparently about to engage in combat. Aang stands up
between them, tying his headband around his eyes for a blindfold.)

Aang: Ok, I&#x27;m ready for some training!

(He assumes a fighting stance and stomps on the ground with one foot.
Immediately the screen switches to Toph VisionTM and we see concentric
circles radiating out from the impact of Aang’s foot: Toph is instructing
him in her ability to “see” via earthbending. She bends several columns of
rock in his way and he dodges them with ease. Katara attacks with a water
whip and Aang evades this as well, recoiling it back onto her and
simultaneously hurling a boulder at Toph. Toph catches it on the end of
her fist.)

Toph: Good job, twinkle-toes. Visualize - then attack!

(She propels the boulder back towards Aang, who corkscrews into the ground
to avoid it. The boulder, obeying Newton’s first law, continues on its
trajectory and collides with Katara’s chest, bowling her over.)

Katara: (angrily) Maybe you should take your own advice, Toph.
Toph: (obnoxiously) What&#x27;s the matter‌ Can&#x27;t handle some dirt, Madame
Fussy Britches‌

(Katara drenches Toph with a wave.)

Katara: Oh, sorry, did I splash you, mud slug‌

(Furious, they career towards each other on ramps of rock and ice,
respectively, collide, and fall to the ground with shrieks of rage.)

Aang: (still blindfolded) Are we taking a break‌

(Cut to Sokka, with an evil grin on his face. He rushes towards Aang from
behind, yelling.)

Sokka: Yaaaaaah, sneak attack!

(Aang bends a column of rock in his path, then removes the blindfold.)

Aang: Sokka, sneak attacks don&#x27;t work if you yell it out loud.

(Cut to Katara and Toph, wrestling in a pool of mud.)

Toph: Hungry for a mud pie‌

(She kicks mud in Katara’s face.)

Katara: I&#x27;ll give you a mud pie.

(She mudbends Toph to the ground. Toph springs back up and earthbends
Katara into the air. They are about to go at it again when they are
interrupted by Aang.)

Aang: Uh, guys, I thought we were supposed to be training me.

Katara: (salvaging what dignity she can) Very well, pupil. I believe we&#x27;ve
had enough training for today.

(She walks away.)

Toph: (derisively) While Katara cleans up, let&#x27;s go have some fun!
Sokka and Aang: Yes! Yeah!

(Cut to Fire Fountain Village. Aang, Sokka, and Toph are strolling down
the street. Messenger hawks are continually flying about, and Sokka takes
notice of them.)

Sokka: Look at all those messenger hawks. You know, I&#x27;ve been thinking
about getting one for myself. That way, I wouldn&#x27;t have to talk to
anyone…I could just send them messages!
Toph: (jokingly) I gotta say, I like the idea of not talking to you.
Aang: So, guys, what are we gonna get with our last silver piece‌
Toph: We can get more money. Right there. (She points to a street below,
where a con man is fleecing a crowd of Fire Nation citizens with a shell
game.) This is where you seeing people are at a disadvantage. Everyone
guesses wrong because the dealer moves the rock at the last minute. But I
can feel it with my earthbending.

(By this time the kids have descended and joined the crowd around the
table. The con man spots the innocent-looking “blind” girl and decides she
is an easy mark.)

Dealer: You there. Want to play a friendly game‌
Toph: How could I possibly play‌ I&#x27;m blind.
Dealer: You don&#x27;t have to see to be lucky.

(She gropes her way to the table and lays down the last silver piece. The
dealer practices his sleight of hand with the pea, sending it flying from
one shell to another, but Toph can’t be fooled. She guesses correctly and
the dealer tosses money her way.)

Aang: Flamey-o, Toph!
Dealer: Wow, fancy guessing. You are amazing at this. Would you like to
make the game a little more interesting‌
Toph: More interesting‌ How‌
Dealer: Well, let&#x27;s say you toss in your friend&#x27;s fine sword there. Then
I&#x27;ll put up
twenty silver pieces against it, and that&#x27;s more interesting.

(Toph grabs Sokka’s sword and hands it over, to Sokka’s distress.)

Toph: I&#x27;ll do it for forty silver pieces.
Dealer: Forty silver pieces it is. (The shell shuffling begins again,
faster and more furious. The dealer flicks the peas up into his sleeve,
removing them from the game, but Toph earthbends one of them back just in
time. She points at one of the shells. The dealer smugly lifts it.) Sorry,
little lady, but... (to his shock, the pea is still there)…huh‌
Toph: I won!

(Cut to the gaang’s campsite. Aang, Sokka, and Toph are returning, arms
filled with provisions.)

Katara: (startled) Where did you guys get the money to buy all this stuff‌

Aang: Toph got us money. She scammed one of those guys in town who moves
the shells around all sneaky-like.
Sokka: She used earthbending to win the game. Classic!
Katara: Ah, so she cheated.
Toph: Hey, I only cheated because he was cheating. I cheated a cheater.
What&#x27;s wrong with that‌
Katara: I&#x27;m just saying, this isn&#x27;t something we should make a habit of
doing.
Toph: Why‌ Because its fun, and you hate fun‌
Katara: (indignantly) I don&#x27;t hate fun. (She seizes Momo and drapes him on
top of her head.) See‌ Fun.

(Momo slides off her head with an annoyed squawk.)

Aang: Katara, I&#x27;ll personally make you an Avatar promise that we won&#x27;t
make a habit of doing these scams.

(He lifts his headband to reveal his arrow and solemnly bows to her.

“Avatar promises” apparently not being worth much, the scene immediately
shifts back to Fire Fountain Village, where Toph uses her powers to rig a
dice game, win a strongman competition, and extort a merchant after
tricking him into thinking he had run her over with his carriage.

Cut back to the campsite, where Katara is remonstrating with the
cash-flush flimflammers.)

Katara: Guys, I think these scams have gone far enough. If you keep doing
them, something bad is gonna happen.
Toph: Could you for once stop being such a sourpuss and just lighten up‌
Katara: Oh, I&#x27;m sorry. You think I should be more like you‌ Like some wild
child‌
Toph: Yeah, maybe. Maybe then, you&#x27;d see how great we have it. I mean,
look at us. We&#x27;re traveling around the world, making easy money, having
fun, with no parents to tell us what to do.
Katara: Ah, I see. You&#x27;re acting like this because of your parents.
Toph: (dismissively) Whatever.
Katara: They were controlling over you, so you ran away, and now you act
like your parents don&#x27;t exist. You act like you hate them, but you don&#x27;t.
You just feel guilty.
Toph: I do hate them!
Katara: I don&#x27;t think so. I think you miss them. But you just don&#x27;t want
to deal with that, so instead, you act like this crazy person.
Toph: Look. I ran away to help Aang!
Katara: You know what‌ It doesn&#x27;t matter. These scams put us all at risk,
and we don&#x27;t need that. We&#x27;ve already got some third-eyed freak after us.
Sokka: Speaking of that third-eyed freak…I think I&#x27;ve come up with a name
for him. What do you think of…&quot;Sparky-Sparky Boom Man&quot;! (The gaang are
unimpressed.) Just think about it.
Katara: We have enough money. You need to stop this!
Toph: I&#x27;ll stop when I want to stop, and not when you tell me!

(She walks away.)

Sokka: Speaking of money, I&#x27;m off to spend some. See you guys later. (Cut
to Fire Fountain Village, where Sokka has just fulfilled his dream and
bought himself a messenger hawk.) Hawky, welcome to Team Avatar. My name&#x27;s
Sokka, and I&#x27;m your new owner. And as such, I should warn you that there&#x27;s
already a lemur in our group, so I don&#x27;t want to see any fighting. (He
pokes the hawk affectionately and coos baby-talk at it.) Good wittle
messenger Hawky. Who&#x27;s got pwetty feathers‌ (He walks by a wanted poster
of Toph, and does a double-take.) You&#x27;re right, Hawky. This is bad.

Act II

(The scene opens on the campsite. Sokka, with Hawky perched on his
shoulder, walks towards Toph as she sits counting money.)

Sokka: Toph, when I was in town, I found something that you&#x27;re not gonna
like.

(He unfurls the wanted poster.)

Toph: Well, it sounds like a sheet of paper, but I guess you&#x27;re referring
to what&#x27;s on the sheet of paper.
Sokka: It&#x27;s a wanted poster. Of you. They&#x27;ve nicknamed you &quot;The Runaway.&quot;
Toph: (enthused) A wanted poster. That&#x27;s so great. “The Runaway”. I love
my new nickname. Is there a picture of me‌ Does it look good‌

(He checks her against her likeness.)

Sokka: Well, yeah, actually, it does look pretty good. But Toph, you&#x27;re
missing the point. Maybe Katara was right. These scams are drawing too
much attention to us.
Toph: Don&#x27;t be such a worrywart like your sister. Think of it this way.
Now you have plenty of money to help with the invasion plan!

(She dangles a sack of money before him.)

Sokka: Well, that is true. I had this idea of making armor for Appa.
Toph: Here&#x27;s a little extra so you can get yourself a nice map of the Fire
Nation. You know what‌ Make it an atlas.

(She hands him the entire bag.)

Sokka: I do like expensive atlases.
Toph: Of course you do. And that&#x27;s why this wanted poster is going to stay
our little secret.

(She snatches it from him, hides it beneath her vest and walks away as
Aang and Katara walk up.)

Katara: Sokka, tell me you didn&#x27;t buy a bird.
Sokka: Not just a bird. A messenger bird! Now we can send messages all
over the world, even to Gran-Gran.
Aang: Wow, how does it work‌
Sokka: Hm, uh, I never actually thought about that. Hawky: Gran-Gran,
South Pole. (He points helpfully. Hawky shakes his head in confusion.) I
think he gets it. (Momo appears over Aang’s shoulder and dashes at his new
rival. They wheel furiously about Sokka’s head as he tries to calm them.)
Hawky, make nice! Bad Hawky!

(Later in the day. Sokka and Toph are returning from further hijinks in
town, arms loaded with money.)

Katara: Well, look who decided to join us. Where have you two been‌ Off
scamming again‌
Toph: Yes, we were.
Katara: And I suppose you don&#x27;t think what you&#x27;re doing is dangerous at
all‌
Toph: No, I don&#x27;t.
Katara: Really‌
Toph: Yes, really.
Katara: Well then, what&#x27;s this‌

(She flourishes the wanted poster before Toph.)

Toph: (exasperated) I don&#x27;t know! I mean, seriously, what&#x27;s with you
people‌ I&#x27;m blind!
Katara: It&#x27;s a wanted poster of you. “The Runaway”. Is that what you&#x27;re
called now‌ Are you proud of this‌
Toph: Where did you get that‌!
Katara: It doesn&#x27;t matter where I got it. The fact is...
Toph: You went through my stuff! You had no right.
Katara: Your stuff was messy, and I was just straightening up and I
happened to stumble across it.
Toph: That&#x27;s a lie! You&#x27;re lying, Katara.
Katara: Fine! It&#x27;s a lie. But you&#x27;ve been so out of control lately, I knew
something was up. I knew you were hiding something, and you were. (Toph
knocks the poster from Katara’s hand and walks away.) Don&#x27;t you walk away
from me while I&#x27;m talking to you!
Toph: Oh, really, Mom‌ Or what are you going to do‌ Send me to my room‌
Katara: I wish I could.
Toph: Well, you can&#x27;t. Because you&#x27;re not my mom, and you&#x27;re not their
mom.

(She points to Aang and Sokka.)

Katara: I never said I was!
Toph: No, but you certainly act like it. You think it&#x27;s your job to boss
everyone around, but it&#x27;s not. You&#x27;re just a regular kid like the rest of
us, so stop acting like you can tell me what to do. I can do whatever I
want!
Katara: (chagrined) I don&#x27;t act that way. (in a shrill and anxious voice)
Sokka, do I act motherly‌

(Sokka, alarmed, decides discretion is the better part of valor.)

Sokka: Hey - I&#x27;m staying out of this one.
Katara: What do you think, Aang‌ Do I act like a mom‌
Aang: (digging nervously at his eye) Well, I...
Katara: Stop rubbing your eye and speak clearly when you talk!
Aang: (chastened) Yes, ma&#x27;am.
Toph: I can&#x27;t be around you right now!
Katara: Well, I can&#x27;t be around you!

(They storm off. Hawky squawks plaintively.)

Sokka: I know, Hawky. Why can&#x27;t they just get along‌

(Still later in the day. Aang and Sokka, sitting together, observe Katara
and Toph sitting resentfully at opposite ends of the camp.)

Sokka: Hey, Aang, you want to test out my messenger hawk with me‌ I&#x27;ve got
an idea.
Aang: Sure.
Sokka: I&#x27;m gonna send a note to Katara and say it&#x27;s from Toph, who wants
to apologize.
Then everyone will be friends again.
Aang: I gotta say, Sokka, you continue to impress me with your ideas.
Sokka: Eh, it&#x27;s a gift. (He takes pen and paper and composes a missive.)
Dear Katara. Sorry for everything. Your friend, Toph.

(He slides the note into Hawky’s dispatch tube and the bird sails over to
Katara, who reads the message and stands up facing the boys.)

Katara: I know this is from you, Sokka. Toph can&#x27;t write. Ugh, you&#x27;re all
driving me crazy!

(She walks away.)

Aang: I can&#x27;t believe we forgot Toph can&#x27;t write.
Sokka: Yep, we&#x27;re idiots.
Aang: I guess plan B is, we send a note to Toph pretending it&#x27;s from
Katara.
Sokka: I think we&#x27;re gonna run into a similar problem. Sorry, Hawky. Looks
like I&#x27;m gonna have to do this without your help. (He walks over to Toph.)
Come on, we need to talk.

(They repair to an overhanging cliff, unaware that Katara is bathing in
the water below. Their entire conversation is audible to her.)

Toph: So let me guess. You brought me out here to tell me your sister&#x27;s
not as annoying as I make her out to be.
Sokka: Nah, she&#x27;s pretty much a pain. (Katara scowls.) She&#x27;s always got to
be right about everything, and she gets all bossy, and involved, and in
your business.
Toph: Yeah, I don&#x27;t know how you can deal with it.
Sokka: Actually, in a way, I rely on it.
Toph: I don&#x27;t understand.
Sokka: When our mom died, that was the hardest time in my life. Our family
was a mess, but Katara, she had so much strength. She stepped up and took
on so much responsibility. She helped fill the void that was left by our
mom.
Toph: I guess I never thought about that.
Sokka: I&#x27;m gonna tell you something crazy. I never told anyone this
before, but honestly, I&#x27;m not sure I can remember what my mother looked
like. It really seems like, my whole life, Katara&#x27;s been the one looking
out for me. She&#x27;s always been the one that&#x27;s there, and now, when I try to
remember my mom, Katara&#x27;s is the only face I can picture.

(Katara is overcome with emotion.)

Toph: The truth is, sometimes Katara does act motherly, but that&#x27;s not
always a bad thing. She&#x27;s compassionate and kind, and she actually cares
about me. You know, the real me. That&#x27;s more than my own mom. (Katara
lowers her head, in sadness or perhaps shame.) Don&#x27;t ever tell her I said
any of this.

(She punches Sokka in the shoulder.)

Sokka: Hey, my lips are sealed.

(As the sun sets, the kids reunite at the camp.)

Katara: Hi, Toph. Um, I want to...
Toph: Katara, stop. You don&#x27;t need to apologize. I was the one being
stupid. These scams are out of control, and I&#x27;m done with them.
Katara: (slyly) Actually, I wasn&#x27;t going to apologize. I was gonna say…I
want to pull a scam with you!

(Aang and Sokka gape in astonishment.)

Toph: What‌ You want to pull a scam‌
Katara: Not just any scam…the ultimate scam! (The boys collapse,
stupefied.) What do you say, Toph‌ Just me and you…one last go. You in‌
Toph: You know I&#x27;m in! Now what&#x27;s this idea of yours‌

(The two conspirators walk off together. The boys lie supine on the
ground, foaming at the mouth.)

Act III

(The campsite at sunset. Toph and Katara plot.)

Katara: The plan is simple. This wanted poster says you&#x27;re worth a lot of
money. (Cut to Fire Fountain Village, presumably the next day. The scene
from the beginning of the episode replays, with Katara’s plan as a
voice-over.) Ten times more than you&#x27;ve made in all your scams. So I&#x27;m
gonna turn you in and collect the reward. Then you metalbend yourself out
of jail, and we&#x27;re on our way.

(By this time, Toph is captured and falls to the ground.)

Toph: How could you do this to me‌ You betrayed me.
Katara: You brought this on yourself. I had no choice.

(The mayor walks up to Katara as Toph is dragged away.)

Mayor: You did the right thing by turning in “The Runaway”.
Katara: (sanctimoniously) The right thing is its own reward.
Mayor: Well, I&#x27;m happy to hear you say that.
Katara: (disconcerted) But…I still want the actual reward.
Mayor: Of course. Right this way.

(Cut to the town jail. Toph is dragged past a metal cell and flung into a
wooden one. She gropes around and is dismayed to find her “sight”
inoperative.)

Toph: (alarmed) Hey, what kind of cell is this‌
Female Fire Nation Officer: (through the bars) A wooden one.

(Cut to the mayor’s office. The mayor is opening a moneybox for Katara
when the door creaks open. The mayor points to Katara and speaks to a
person in the doorway.)

Mayor: That&#x27;s her. That&#x27;s the girl you were looking for.

(Katara turns around to see the hulking figure of Combustion Man looming
over her.

Cut back to the campsite, where Aang is pacing back and forth.)

Aang: Do you think this scam of theirs should be taking this long‌
Sokka: I was just wondering the same thing. We&#x27;d better check it out.
(Leaving, he admonishes Hawky and Momo.) You two behave. Appa&#x27;s in charge.

(The two creatures begin to squabble anyway, but a reproving roar from
Appa puts a quick stop to that.

Cut back to the jail, where Katara has joined Toph in her cell.)

Toph: Wait. It&#x27;s a trap!
Katara: Really‌ No kidding. Is that why we&#x27;re sitting in a wooden cage
right now‌ Gee, how&#x27;d you figure out it was a trap‌
Toph: Not for us, Katara. We&#x27;re the bait. He wants Aang.
Katara: I can&#x27;t believe I was so stupid. See, this is exactly why I&#x27;m
against these scams. I knew this would happen.
Toph: But…this was your idea.
Katara: I know. I wanted to show you that I&#x27;m not so motherly. I wanted to
show you that I can have fun too.
Toph: Katara, you are fun. If nothing else, you&#x27;re at least fun to argue
with.
Katara: I know your relationship with your parents is complicated, and I
shouldn&#x27;t have said what I said.
Toph: It&#x27;s ok. I was really mad when you said that because; well, because
maybe it&#x27;s true. I try not to think about it, but when I left, I probably
really hurt them.

(She sobs. Katara comforts her with a hug.

Cut to the strangely deserted streets of Fire Fountain Village, where Aang
and Sokka are searching for the girls.)

Sokka: Where do you think they might be‌

Aang: Where do you think anyone is‌ (Combustion Man appears on a rooftop,
just above the boys. As he draws in his breath preparatory to firebending
at them, Aang hears the intake of breath and, looking upward, spots him.)
Sokka, watch out! (Combustion Man lets loose a blast; the boys barely
manage to dodge it.) It&#x27;s “Sparky-Sparky Boom Man”!
Sokka: You know, I&#x27;m starting to think that name doesn&#x27;t quite fit.

(Combustion Man leaps to the ground and fires another shot at them.

Cut back to the jail cell, where Katara and Toph can hear the sounds of
the fight.)

Katara: What are we gonna do‌
Toph: I don&#x27;t know! I wish we had some earth or water. We need bendables!
Katara: What about your meteor bracelet‌ You could make a saw.
Toph: I left it back at camp. I was worried they would take it. (Katara
wipes sweat from her forehead…and has an idea. She stands up and begins
running in place. Toph is understandably puzzled.) Um, Katara…are you ok‌
Katara: Just fine.
Toph: Well, what are you doing‌
Katara: I&#x27;m making my own water!

(She dashes the sweat now pouring from her face against the cell bars,
cutting deep swipes in them.)

Toph: Katara, you&#x27;re a genius! A sweaty, stinky genius!

(Katara sticks her hands beneath her armpits and flings the sweat from
them towards the bars.

Cut to the town square, where Aang and Sokka are frantically eluding
Combustion Man’s assaults.)

Sokka: This guy is too good. He shoots fire from his brain!
Aang: We should split up. He can&#x27;t chase us both.

(They split. As Aang runs along a roof, Combustion Man spots him and
fires. The blast sends Aang careering into the chest of the statue of
Ozai, whence he falls to the ground, prostrate. Combustion Man walks up to
him and is about to deliver the coup de grace, when a bolt of ice suddenly
encases his head. He stumbles away to reveal Katara and the gaang behind
him.)

Katara: Aang, get up!
Toph: Let&#x27;s get out of here.

(The gaang flees, but not before Combustion Man shatters his ice muzzle.
As he prepares to fire at them, Toph bends a rock at him. He destroys it
with a fire blast, but a piece of the rubble flies into his forehead and
strikes his tattoo, knocking him to the ground and apparently causing him
extreme pain. He gets up and tries to resume his attack, but his power has
somehow been turned against him; as he tries to focus his “laser beam”,
the air around him ignites and explodes.

Cut to the kids, running out of the village.)

Sokka: Hey, I got it. The perfect name for that guy! “Combustion Man”!
Toph: Good job, Sokka. Now let&#x27;s get out of here before “Combustion Man”
catches us!

Sokka: See‌ It fits so well.

(Cut to the kids on Appa, descending towards a new campsite. It is
nighttime. Sokka yawns and stretches as they land.)

Sokka: Well, I&#x27;m exhausted. Hawky, how about you, buddy‌ (affectionately)
Yeah, you&#x27;re such a lazy little bird.
Toph: Katara, I need your help.
Katara: What is it, Toph‌
Toph: I need you to write some things down for me. I want to send a letter
to my parents.
Katara: I&#x27;ll be happy to help.

(The letter written, Toph slips it into Hawky’s dispatch tube and the bird
soars into the night air. It takes only a few seconds, however, for Sokka
to notice that someone is missing.)

Sokka: Hey, where&#x27;d Hawky go?

[End credits]
</pre></td>
      <td><pre class="script">
第七回
亡命徒

27
00:01:36,486 --&gt; 00:01:38,112
你怎么能这样对我？

28
00:01:38,237 --&gt; 00:01:39,822
你居然出卖我

29
00:01:39,906 --&gt; 00:01:42,617
你这是自找的

30
00:01:42,700 --&gt; 00:01:43,701
我别无选择

31
00:01:51,626 --&gt; 00:01:55,546
三天前...

32
00:02:04,889 --&gt; 00:02:07,808
好了，我已经准备好开始今天的修行了

33
00:02:25,618 --&gt; 00:02:29,163
干得好，亮脚趾，仔细“观察”，然后攻击

34
00:02:32,082 --&gt; 00:02:34,793
拓芙，你的那些说教还是留给自己吧

35
00:02:34,919 --&gt; 00:02:35,961
你又咋了？

36
00:02:36,003 --&gt; 00:02:38,631
你连个小土块也摆不平吗，挑剔鬼？

37
00:02:42,635 --&gt; 00:02:47,348
哦，对不起啊，我的水溅到你了吗，懒泥猴

38
00:02:55,022 --&gt; 00:02:57,941
咱们要休息一下吗？

39
00:02:59,401 --&gt; 00:03:00,736
偷袭！

40
00:03:01,653 --&gt; 00:03:04,448
索卡，偷袭哪有像你那样大喊大叫的

41
00:03:08,827 --&gt; 00:03:09,870
想吃个烂泥派吗？

42
00:03:12,372 --&gt; 00:03:15,375
想吃就给你一个

43
00:03:21,089 --&gt; 00:03:24,092
呃，伙计们，你们不是应该指导我修行吗？

44
00:03:24,217 --&gt; 00:03:27,304
没错，徒儿

45
00:03:27,387 --&gt; 00:03:30,140
我看今天修行就到此结束吧

46
00:03:30,265 --&gt; 00:03:34,269
就让卡塔拉梳洗打扮去吧，咱们出去找点乐子

47
00:03:34,853 --&gt; 00:03:36,980
-好啊!   -棒!

48
00:03:45,197 --&gt; 00:03:48,116
这儿有好多信鹰啊

49
00:03:48,200 --&gt; 00:03:51,077
其实，我一直在考虑自己也养上一只

50
00:03:51,161 --&gt; 00:03:53,288
那样的话，我就不用和其他人交谈了

51
00:03:53,371 --&gt; 00:03:55,081
只要让信鹰帮我送信就行了

52
00:03:55,207 --&gt; 00:03:59,252
那可太好了，终于不用和你讲话了

53
00:03:59,336 --&gt; 00:04:02,589
那么，伙计们，只剩最后一块银币了
咱们该怎么花啊

54
00:04:02,714 --&gt; 00:04:06,176
我们可以再赚些钱

55
00:04:06,301 --&gt; 00:04:07,135
就在那儿

56
00:04:15,351 --&gt; 00:04:18,730
玩这个游戏时，能看见的人就没有什么优势了

57
00:04:18,730 --&gt; 00:04:22,025
他们根本不可能猜对，因为庄主
总是在最后一颗把石子移走了

58
00:04:22,358 --&gt; 00:04:24,527
不过用我的御土术，想猜错都难

59
00:04:37,206 --&gt; 00:04:39,667
我说你们

60
00:04:39,751 --&gt; 00:04:41,836
想来玩一局吗？

61
00:04:41,919 --&gt; 00:04:43,629
我怎么能玩呢？

62
00:04:43,755 --&gt; 00:04:45,548
我是个盲人

63
00:04:45,631 --&gt; 00:04:47,175
这游戏不靠眼力，靠的是运气

64
00:05:13,326 --&gt; 00:05:14,577
真有你的，拓芙

65
00:05:14,660 --&gt; 00:05:16,746
哇哦，猜的很准嘛

66
00:05:16,871 --&gt; 00:05:19,290
看来你今天运气不错

67
00:05:19,415 --&gt; 00:05:22,460
想不想玩得更有趣些啊？

68
00:05:22,585 --&gt; 00:05:25,004
怎么个有趣法啊？

69
00:05:25,004 --&gt; 00:05:29,633
那个，咱们就赌你朋友的那把宝剑吧

70
00:05:29,717 --&gt; 00:05:33,929
我输得话就给你20银币，这样玩才刺激嘛

71
00:05:35,264 --&gt; 00:05:37,558
要是40个银币我就干

72
00:05:38,350 --&gt; 00:05:40,686
40就40

73
00:06:01,999 --&gt; 00:06:05,210
对不起啊，小女士，不过...

74
00:06:05,210 --&gt; 00:06:05,794
我赢了！

75
00:06:15,387 --&gt; 00:06:19,558
怎么买了这么多东西，你们上哪弄得钱啊？

76
00:06:20,058 --&gt; 00:06:21,935
是拓芙赚来的

77
00:06:22,019 --&gt; 00:06:25,647
她耍了镇上的一个老千
那小子总是使诈偷偷移动石子

78
00:06:26,773 --&gt; 00:06:29,276
拓芙用她的御土术赢了那人

79
00:06:29,359 --&gt; 00:06:30,277
简直是太经典了

80
00:06:30,360 --&gt; 00:06:31,403
哈，这么说她作弊喽

81
00:06:31,403 --&gt; 00:06:34,197
嘿，是他出千在先的

82
00:06:34,281 --&gt; 00:06:35,574
我骗了个骗子而已

83
00:06:35,699 --&gt; 00:06:37,159
有什么不对？

84
00:06:37,242 --&gt; 00:06:40,454
我只是想说，我们不应该染上那种习气的

85
00:06:40,579 --&gt; 00:06:41,413
为啥？

86
00:06:41,455 --&gt; 00:06:44,249
因为那很有趣，而你却讨厌有趣的事，是吗？

87
00:06:44,374 --&gt; 00:06:46,918
我也很喜欢有趣的事啊

88
00:06:47,002 --&gt; 00:06:47,794
看见了吗？

89
00:06:47,919 --&gt; 00:06:50,505
多有趣啊

90
00:06:51,673 --&gt; 00:06:54,467
卡塔拉，我以降世神通的名声担保

91
00:06:54,551 --&gt; 00:06:56,511
我们再也不会沾染那些欺诈的事了

92
00:08:24,682 --&gt; 00:08:27,101
伙计们，我想你们应该收手了

93
00:08:27,101 --&gt; 00:08:29,562
如果你们再这样下去的话，迟早会捅篓子的

94
00:08:29,687 --&gt; 00:08:33,441
你就不能不唠唠叨叨的吗，放轻松

95
00:08:33,941 --&gt; 00:08:35,025
哦，对不起哟

96
00:08:35,151 --&gt; 00:08:37,319
你觉得我应该像你那样才对吗？

97
00:08:37,445 --&gt; 00:08:38,988
跟个野孩子似的

98
00:08:39,071 --&gt; 00:08:40,823
没错啊

99
00:08:40,906 --&gt; 00:08:43,117
没准转变之后，你就能明白我们现在有多爽了

100
00:08:43,200 --&gt; 00:08:44,285
我说，你看看我们

101
00:08:44,326 --&gt; 00:08:46,745
我们游历天下，轻松赚钱

102
00:08:46,871 --&gt; 00:08:49,874
随心享乐，没有父母在身边唠里唠叨的

103
00:08:49,957 --&gt; 00:08:51,709
哈，我知道了

104
00:08:51,709 --&gt; 00:08:54,378
你是因为你的父母才这样做的

105
00:08:54,378 --&gt; 00:08:55,379
随你怎么说吧

106
00:08:55,421 --&gt; 00:08:59,675
你们家教太严，所以你离家出走了
假装你的父母好像不存在似的

107
00:08:59,758 --&gt; 00:09:02,803
你表现出你很恨他们，其实不然

108
00:09:02,928 --&gt; 00:09:04,221
那样做只是为了掩饰你的愧疚

109
00:09:04,346 --&gt; 00:09:05,764
我的确恨他们

110
00:09:05,848 --&gt; 00:09:06,974
我可不这么想

111
00:09:07,099 --&gt; 00:09:08,934
你一定很想他们

112
00:09:08,976 --&gt; 00:09:13,230
不过你不愿意面对，反而选择了逃避
把自己伪装成个疯丫头一样

113
00:09:13,439 --&gt; 00:09:15,441
我离家出走是为了帮助安昂

114
00:09:15,524 --&gt; 00:09:16,191
是吗？

115
00:09:16,316 --&gt; 00:09:17,568
咱先撂下那个不提

116
00:09:17,609 --&gt; 00:09:20,320
你们那些欺诈行为太危险了，不要自找麻烦了

117
00:09:20,404 --&gt; 00:09:22,656
光是那个三眼怪人就够我们忙活的了

118
00:09:22,739 --&gt; 00:09:24,908
说起那个三眼怪人

119
00:09:24,992 --&gt; 00:09:27,160
我想起一个名字觉得很配他

120
00:09:27,244 --&gt; 00:09:30,706
“闪闪爆炸男”这个名字咋样？

121
00:09:30,831 --&gt; 00:09:33,208
不错吧

122
00:09:33,333 --&gt; 00:09:34,418
我们的钱足够多了

123
00:09:34,543 --&gt; 00:09:35,877
你们应该赶快收手

124
00:09:36,003 --&gt; 00:09:39,631
我想不干的时候自然会收手
不用你来告诉我该怎么做

125
00:09:48,223 --&gt; 00:09:50,392
对了，我正要去花钱买点东西哩

126
00:09:50,475 --&gt; 00:09:51,476
回见了您呐

127
00:09:58,400 --&gt; 00:10:00,652
小鹰鹰，欢迎加入神通团队

128
00:10:00,735 --&gt; 00:10:02,863
我叫索卡，你的新主人

129
00:10:02,988 --&gt; 00:10:06,283
咱们丑话先说在头里，我们团队里已经有一只狐猴了

130
00:10:06,366 --&gt; 00:10:08,535
可别让我看见你俩打架啊

131
00:10:09,661 --&gt; 00:10:11,871
小鹰鹰，你真的好乖啊

132
00:10:11,997 --&gt; 00:10:14,916
是谁的羽毛最好看啊？

133
00:10:20,046 --&gt; 00:10:20,922
你说的对，小鹰鹰

134
00:10:21,047 --&gt; 00:10:22,173
真是太糟了

135
00:10:37,078 --&gt; 00:10:41,082
拓芙，你猜我在镇上看见什么了，你一定不会喜欢的

136
00:10:41,082 --&gt; 00:10:43,834
那个，听起来好像是一页纸啊

137
00:10:43,834 --&gt; 00:10:46,629
你肯定指的是纸上写的东西吧

138
00:10:46,754 --&gt; 00:10:49,465
这是一张你的通缉令

139
00:10:49,590 --&gt; 00:10:51,967
他们管你叫“亡命徒”

140
00:10:52,051 --&gt; 00:10:53,094
通缉令

141
00:10:53,135 --&gt; 00:10:55,179
真是太棒了

142
00:10:55,304 --&gt; 00:10:56,388
“亡命徒”

143
00:10:56,514 --&gt; 00:10:57,807
这个新绰号我太喜欢了

144
00:10:57,890 --&gt; 00:10:58,432
上面有我的画像吗？

145
00:10:58,516 --&gt; 00:10:59,391
画得好看不？

146
00:11:03,312 --&gt; 00:11:05,272
那个，呃，事实上画得相当不错哩
（那个画像颇有索卡的画风，呵呵）

147
00:11:05,397 --&gt; 00:11:07,399
不过拓芙，那并不是和重点

148
00:11:07,525 --&gt; 00:11:08,984
也许卡塔拉说的对

149
00:11:09,109 --&gt; 00:11:11,362
咱们做的那些事是有点太招摇了

150
00:11:11,487 --&gt; 00:11:14,031
不要像你姐姐那样杞人忧天

151
00:11:14,156 --&gt; 00:11:15,491
往好处想想

152
00:11:15,491 --&gt; 00:11:18,035
现在你有足够的钱来资助侵入计划

153
00:11:18,160 --&gt; 00:11:20,329
那个，那倒没错

154
00:11:20,454 --&gt; 00:11:23,207
我还可以为阿柏做一套盔甲

155
00:11:24,917 --&gt; 00:11:29,129
这些钱给你了，你可以买张好点的烈火国地图

156
00:11:30,005 --&gt; 00:11:30,672
不如这样吧

157
00:11:30,798 --&gt; 00:11:32,424
买个地图集算了

158
00:11:32,508 --&gt; 00:11:35,135
昂贵的地图集我最喜欢了

159
00:11:35,219 --&gt; 00:11:41,141
你当然会喜欢了，作为交换
千万不要把通缉令的事告诉给其他人

160
00:11:44,895 --&gt; 00:11:47,689
索卡，不是吧，你居然买了个鸟

161
00:11:47,814 --&gt; 00:11:49,316
这个不是一般的鸟

162
00:11:49,441 --&gt; 00:11:50,817
是只信鹰

163
00:11:50,859 --&gt; 00:11:54,112
现在世界上的任何角落
都能受到咱们的信息，就连姥姥那儿也行

164
00:11:54,237 --&gt; 00:11:56,531
哇哦，那你怎样才能让它送信呢？

165
00:11:56,657 --&gt; 00:12:00,243
嗯，呃，我还没有考虑过这个问题

166
00:12:00,243 --&gt; 00:12:03,747
小鹰鹰，收信人姥姥，地点南极

167
00:12:05,248 --&gt; 00:12:06,208
我想它肯定明白了

168
00:12:08,043 --&gt; 00:12:10,837
小鹰鹰，乖点啊

169
00:12:10,962 --&gt; 00:12:11,922
坏鹰鹰

170
00:12:19,179 --&gt; 00:12:21,973
哦，看看谁回来啦

171
00:12:22,098 --&gt; 00:12:23,433
你俩疯到哪去啦？

172
00:12:23,558 --&gt; 00:12:24,226
又去耍老千了？

173
00:12:24,309 --&gt; 00:12:27,229
是啊，没错

174
00:12:27,229 --&gt; 00:12:30,190
你难道不知道你做的事有多危险吗？

175
00:12:30,273 --&gt; 00:12:31,358
不会啊

176
00:12:31,441 --&gt; 00:12:32,400
真的吗？

177
00:12:32,484 --&gt; 00:12:34,110
是的，当然

178
00:12:34,110 --&gt; 00:12:36,905
那么，这个又是啥啊？

179
00:12:37,030 --&gt; 00:12:38,406
我上哪知道去

180
00:12:38,490 --&gt; 00:12:40,784
说真的，你们这群人到底是怎么了？

181
00:12:40,909 --&gt; 00:12:42,035
我可是个盲人啊

182
00:12:42,160 --&gt; 00:12:43,912
这是一张你的通缉令

183
00:12:44,037 --&gt; 00:12:45,246
“亡命徒”

184
00:12:45,372 --&gt; 00:12:46,706
这是你的新绰号喽？

185
00:12:46,831 --&gt; 00:12:48,124
你以此为傲喽？

186
00:12:48,208 --&gt; 00:12:49,375
你在哪儿找到的？

187
00:12:49,459 --&gt; 00:12:50,668
你管我在哪儿拿的呢

188
00:12:50,794 --&gt; 00:12:51,461
事实是...

189
00:12:51,544 --&gt; 00:12:52,545
你居然翻我的东西

190
00:12:52,629 --&gt; 00:12:54,047
你没有权利这么做

191
00:12:54,047 --&gt; 00:12:56,674
你的东西扔的满哪都是，我只是帮你整理整理

192
00:12:56,799 --&gt; 00:12:58,510
我是凑巧才发现它的

193
00:12:58,593 --&gt; 00:13:00,178
瞎说

194
00:13:00,261 --&gt; 00:13:01,888
你在撒谎，卡塔拉

195
00:13:01,971 --&gt; 00:13:06,351
好吧，我承认，不过你最近太放肆了

196
00:13:06,476 --&gt; 00:13:08,144
我就知道出事了

197
00:13:08,227 --&gt; 00:13:10,897
我就知道你隐瞒了什么，的确被我猜着了

198
00:13:10,980 --&gt; 00:13:13,316
你给我回来，我正跟你说话呢

199
00:13:13,316 --&gt; 00:13:14,567
哦，真的吗，老妈？

200
00:13:14,651 --&gt; 00:13:15,860
你能拿我咋样啊？

201
00:13:15,985 --&gt; 00:13:17,111
要关我禁闭不成？

202
00:13:17,195 --&gt; 00:13:18,654
我真希望我能

203
00:13:18,780 --&gt; 00:13:22,408
哼，你想都别想
你不是我老妈，也休想做他们的老妈

204
00:13:23,409 --&gt; 00:13:24,827
我从来也没想当啊

205
00:13:24,911 --&gt; 00:13:27,163
还用说嘛，你做的那些事证明了一切

206
00:13:27,246 --&gt; 00:13:29,874
你以为你可以对我们发号施令，你错了

207
00:13:29,874 --&gt; 00:13:34,962
你跟我们一样，只不过是个普通小孩而已
所以不要再对我们呼来喝去的了

208
00:13:35,046 --&gt; 00:13:37,256
我想干啥就干啥

209
00:13:37,340 --&gt; 00:13:40,092
我可不像你说的那样

210
00:13:40,092 --&gt; 00:13:42,178
索卡，你也认同拓芙的说法吗？

211
00:13:42,303 --&gt; 00:13:44,263
嘿，干嘛要把我也扯进去

212
00:13:44,388 --&gt; 00:13:45,348
你怎么看，安昂？

213
00:13:45,431 --&gt; 00:13:46,933
我有装老妈吗？

214
00:13:47,016 --&gt; 00:13:48,184
那个，我...

215
00:13:48,267 --&gt; 00:13:50,478
别乱揉眼睛，说话清楚点，别支支吾吾的

216
00:13:50,561 --&gt; 00:13:51,520
是的，女士

217
00:13:51,646 --&gt; 00:13:54,023
在你身边我多一秒也待不下去了

218
00:13:54,148 --&gt; 00:13:57,485
是啊，我也不想看见你

219
00:13:59,528 --&gt; 00:14:00,529
我知道，小鹰鹰

220
00:14:00,613 --&gt; 00:14:01,822
她俩咋就不能好好相处呢？

221
00:14:07,411 --&gt; 00:14:09,955
嘿，安昂，想和我一同检验一下信鹰的性能吗？

222
00:14:10,206 --&gt; 00:14:11,248
我有个主意

223
00:14:11,332 --&gt; 00:14:12,041
说来听听

224
00:14:12,082 --&gt; 00:14:17,213
咱们送一封字条给卡塔拉
落款写拓芙，说她想要道歉

225
00:14:17,338 --&gt; 00:14:19,423
之后她们俩就可以冰释前嫌了

226
00:14:19,506 --&gt; 00:14:23,302
还真别说，索卡，关键时刻你总能想出好点子

227
00:14:23,427 --&gt; 00:14:26,263
呃，这是我的天赋

228
00:14:26,388 --&gt; 00:14:29,767
亲爱的，卡塔拉

229
00:14:29,892 --&gt; 00:14:31,852
之前的事很抱歉

230
00:14:31,977 --&gt; 00:14:32,978
你的朋友，拓芙

231
00:14:45,824 --&gt; 00:14:47,576
索卡，我知道是你写的

232
00:14:47,576 --&gt; 00:14:49,286
拓芙根本就不会写字

233
00:14:49,286 --&gt; 00:14:52,998
呃，你们都快把我给逼疯了

234
00:14:53,040 --&gt; 00:14:55,083
咱们居然忘了拓芙不会写字

235
00:14:55,167 --&gt; 00:14:56,752
是啊，咱们真是白痴

236
00:14:56,835 --&gt; 00:15:00,881
那咱们就用B计划吧
咱们就借卡塔拉之名发封信给拓芙

237
00:15:01,006 --&gt; 00:15:03,342
那还不是一样，拓芙又看不见

238
00:15:04,134 --&gt; 00:15:05,385
抱歉了，小鹰鹰

239
00:15:05,385 --&gt; 00:15:07,846
看来这次你帮不上忙了

240
00:15:07,929 --&gt; 00:15:10,682
来吧，咱俩找个地方唠唠

241
00:15:20,108 --&gt; 00:15:21,610
让我猜猜

242
00:15:21,610 --&gt; 00:15:23,820
你拉我到这儿，是想告诉我你妹妹

243
00:15:23,820 --&gt; 00:15:25,906
其实没有我想像的那么烦人

244
00:15:25,947 --&gt; 00:15:28,783
不是，她有时候真的是成烦人了

245
00:15:28,867 --&gt; 00:15:30,994
她总觉得自己做的事是正确的

246
00:15:31,119 --&gt; 00:15:34,664
她习惯了发号施令，啥都想管，啥都想过问

247
00:15:34,748 --&gt; 00:15:37,459
是啊，真不知道你是怎么忍过来的

248
00:15:37,584 --&gt; 00:15:40,378
事实上，从某种程度上
我很希望她能那么做

249
00:15:40,378 --&gt; 00:15:41,630
我这就不明白了

250
00:15:41,671 --&gt; 00:15:44,799
老妈去世之时，是我这辈子最难熬的一段日子

251
00:15:44,924 --&gt; 00:15:50,096
我们的家中一团糟
但是卡塔拉，她十分的坚强

252
00:15:50,221 --&gt; 00:15:53,516
她挺身而出，一人担起了家庭重担

253
00:15:53,600 --&gt; 00:15:56,394
她担当起母亲所扮演的角色

254
00:15:56,478 --&gt; 00:15:59,022
我从来没考虑过那些

255
00:15:59,147 --&gt; 00:16:00,648
我说的你可能不会相信

256
00:16:00,648 --&gt; 00:16:02,609
这句话我之前也没对其他人讲过

257
00:16:02,734 --&gt; 00:16:07,197
不过说实话，我已经记不得老妈的样子了

258
00:16:07,280 --&gt; 00:16:11,618
好像一直以来，一直都是卡塔拉在关心照顾我

259
00:16:11,743 --&gt; 00:16:15,788
在我需要时她总是在我的身边，现在

260
00:16:15,913 --&gt; 00:16:20,626
当我试着回忆老妈的时候
脑海中浮现的只有卡塔拉的脸

261
00:16:20,710 --&gt; 00:16:26,257
其实，卡塔拉的确很爱发号施令
不过那也并不全是坏事

262
00:16:26,340 --&gt; 00:16:30,303
她热情而和善，她确实很关心我

263
00:16:30,428 --&gt; 00:16:33,681
她更了解真实的我

264
00:16:33,806 --&gt; 00:16:37,477
就连我的母亲也做不到

265
00:16:37,602 --&gt; 00:16:40,897
别告诉她我跟你说过这些

266
00:16:40,980 --&gt; 00:16:42,440
嘿，我的嘴紧得很

267
00:16:50,031 --&gt; 00:16:51,490
嘿，拓芙

268
00:16:51,490 --&gt; 00:16:52,366
呃，我想...

269
00:16:52,491 --&gt; 00:16:53,576
卡塔拉，别说了

270
00:16:53,659 --&gt; 00:16:55,202
你不用道歉的

271
00:16:55,286 --&gt; 00:16:56,871
都是我不好

272
00:16:56,954 --&gt; 00:17:00,291
我们之前干得有点过火了，我之后再也不干了

273
00:17:00,416 --&gt; 00:17:03,085
事实上，我正要向你道歉来着

274
00:17:03,210 --&gt; 00:17:06,172
我想说，我想跟你去干上一票

275
00:17:07,673 --&gt; 00:17:08,549
啥？

276
00:17:08,674 --&gt; 00:17:10,217
你也想要出老千？

277
00:17:10,342 --&gt; 00:17:11,844
那些小打小闹的事我可不做

278
00:17:11,927 --&gt; 00:17:14,221
要做咱就做大的

279
00:17:14,346 --&gt; 00:17:15,556
你说咋样啊，拓芙？

280
00:17:15,639 --&gt; 00:17:16,474
这回行动就咱俩去

281
00:17:16,474 --&gt; 00:17:18,017
再干最后一票

282
00:17:18,142 --&gt; 00:17:19,059
一道来吗？

283
00:17:19,185 --&gt; 00:17:20,269
那还用说

284
00:17:20,269 --&gt; 00:17:23,063
你到底是怎样打算的？

285
00:17:26,974 --&gt; 00:17:28,017
计划其实很简单

286
00:17:28,017 --&gt; 00:17:30,894
通缉令上说抓到你会给一大笔赏金

287
00:17:30,978 --&gt; 00:17:33,814
比你们之前赚的十倍还要多

288
00:17:33,939 --&gt; 00:17:37,401
所以我假装出卖你，拿到赏金

289
00:17:37,484 --&gt; 00:17:40,237
你可以用你的御术逃出大牢，之后咱们就跑路

290
00:17:44,783 --&gt; 00:17:46,618
你怎么能这么对我？

291
00:17:46,618 --&gt; 00:17:48,996
你居然出卖我

292
00:17:49,121 --&gt; 00:17:50,914
你这是自作自受

293
00:17:50,914 --&gt; 00:17:53,083
我别无选择

294
00:17:58,380 --&gt; 00:18:01,967
做的好，你能举报“亡命徒”真的是大功一件

295
00:18:01,967 --&gt; 00:18:03,927
做正确的事本来就是一种褒奖

296
00:18:04,052 --&gt; 00:18:06,763
那个，很高兴你能这么想

297
00:18:06,847 --&gt; 00:18:10,267
不过最好还是给我点实际的奖励

298
00:18:10,350 --&gt; 00:18:11,309
当然了

299
00:18:11,393 --&gt; 00:18:12,227
这边走

300
00:18:26,700 --&gt; 00:18:28,827
嘿，这是什么牢房啊？

301
00:18:28,910 --&gt; 00:18:29,828
木牢房

302
00:18:38,712 --&gt; 00:18:40,672
就是她

303
00:18:40,755 --&gt; 00:18:42,424
她就是你要找的女孩

304
00:18:50,682 --&gt; 00:18:54,394
她们俩怎么走了这么长时间啊？

305
00:18:54,519 --&gt; 00:18:56,396
我也纳闷呢

306
00:18:56,479 --&gt; 00:18:57,856
咱们最好去看看

307
00:18:58,606 --&gt; 00:18:59,441
你们两个家伙

308
00:18:59,566 --&gt; 00:19:02,861
老实点听阿柏的

309
00:19:12,537 --&gt; 00:19:14,289
等等，这是个陷阱

310
00:19:14,664 --&gt; 00:19:15,498
真的吗？

311
00:19:15,623 --&gt; 00:19:16,874
还用你说

312
00:19:16,958 --&gt; 00:19:20,086
要不然咱们怎么会被关在这个木笼子里呢？

313
00:19:20,169 --&gt; 00:19:22,672
这不是陷阱还能是啥？

314
00:19:22,797 --&gt; 00:19:24,298
卡塔拉，这陷阱不是为我们准备的

315
00:19:24,424 --&gt; 00:19:25,758
我们只是诱饵

316
00:19:25,842 --&gt; 00:19:27,719
他要抓的是安昂

317
00:19:28,094 --&gt; 00:19:30,054
我怎么会这么蠢

318
00:19:30,179 --&gt; 00:19:33,141
看吧，知道我为什么反对你们出老千了吧

319
00:19:33,266 --&gt; 00:19:34,809
我就知道会出事的

320
00:19:34,934 --&gt; 00:19:37,186
不过这次可是你的主意

321
00:19:37,311 --&gt; 00:19:38,438
我知道

322
00:19:38,563 --&gt; 00:19:41,732
我是想让你知道我不是那种喜欢发号施令的人

323
00:19:41,816 --&gt; 00:19:44,360
我也是个喜欢乐趣的人

324
00:19:44,402 --&gt; 00:19:46,571
卡塔拉，你并不乏味

325
00:19:46,696 --&gt; 00:19:50,074
其实跟你吵架也是一件很有趣的事

326
00:19:50,157 --&gt; 00:19:53,536
我知道你和你父母的关系很复杂

327
00:19:53,661 --&gt; 00:19:55,871
我之前不应该那样说你

328
00:19:55,871 --&gt; 00:19:57,415
没关系

329
00:19:57,456 --&gt; 00:20:01,794
我之前生气是因为你说的都是事实

330
00:20:01,919 --&gt; 00:20:06,882
我试着不去想，不过我的出走
一定深深的伤害了他们

331
00:20:10,261 --&gt; 00:20:12,304
你觉得她们会在哪儿呢？

332
00:20:12,388 --&gt; 00:20:13,597
这街上的人都去哪儿了？

333
00:20:27,319 --&gt; 00:20:28,862
索卡，小心

334
00:20:30,322 --&gt; 00:20:32,950
是“闪闪爆炸男”

335
00:20:33,075 --&gt; 00:20:36,120
我开始觉得这个名字不怎么合适了

336
00:20:45,379 --&gt; 00:20:46,380
咱们该咋办？

337
00:20:46,463 --&gt; 00:20:47,256
我不知道

338
00:20:47,339 --&gt; 00:20:48,882
要是有点土或者水就好了

339
00:20:48,966 --&gt; 00:20:49,716
咱们现在用不了御术

340
00:20:49,800 --&gt; 00:20:51,593
你的流星手镯呢？

341
00:20:51,718 --&gt; 00:20:53,220
你可以把它做成锯嘛

342
00:20:53,303 --&gt; 00:20:54,888
我把它留在营地了

343
00:20:54,972 --&gt; 00:20:57,182
我害怕被他们拿走

344
00:21:07,651 --&gt; 00:21:09,653
嗯，卡塔拉？

345
00:21:09,736 --&gt; 00:21:10,904
你没事吧？

346
00:21:10,988 --&gt; 00:21:11,989
挺好的

347
00:21:12,114 --&gt; 00:21:13,532
那你在那儿干嘛呢？

348
00:21:13,657 --&gt; 00:21:15,617
我要自己造些水出来

349
00:21:22,457 --&gt; 00:21:24,251
卡塔拉， 你真是个天才

350
00:21:24,334 --&gt; 00:21:26,086
一个满身臭汗的天才

351
00:21:39,349 --&gt; 00:21:41,476
这家伙太厉害了

352
00:21:41,476 --&gt; 00:21:43,645
他的大脑居然能喷火

353
00:21:43,728 --&gt; 00:21:44,938
咱们最好分头走

354
00:21:45,021 --&gt; 00:21:46,314
他不可能同时追两个人

355
00:22:13,424 --&gt; 00:22:16,135
安昂，快起来

356
00:22:16,219 --&gt; 00:22:17,428
咱们快点离开这儿

357
00:22:46,541 --&gt; 00:22:47,750
嘿，有了

358
00:22:47,875 --&gt; 00:22:49,585
终于想到该怎样叫他了

359
00:22:49,669 --&gt; 00:22:50,711
“烈焰男”

360
00:22:50,837 --&gt; 00:22:52,088
不错，索卡

361
00:22:52,088 --&gt; 00:22:55,132
现在咱们最好在被“烈焰男”抓到之前，赶快离开这儿

362
00:22:55,258 --&gt; 00:22:55,925
看吧

363
00:22:56,050 --&gt; 00:22:56,926
我就知道这名字起的不错

364
00:23:04,225 --&gt; 00:23:06,227
啊，我累死了

365
00:23:06,352 --&gt; 00:23:08,437
小鹰鹰，你咋样

366
00:23:08,521 --&gt; 00:23:11,732
我就知道，你这只小懒鸟

367
00:23:11,816 --&gt; 00:23:15,027
卡塔拉，我需要你的帮忙

368
00:23:15,152 --&gt; 00:23:16,946
怎么了，拓芙

369
00:23:17,071 --&gt; 00:23:19,281
我想让你帮我写点东西

370
00:23:19,365 --&gt; 00:23:22,701
我想给爸妈寄封家书

371
00:23:22,827 --&gt; 00:23:24,912
我很乐意帮忙

372
00:23:37,091 --&gt; 00:23:39,426
嘿，小鹰鹰这是去哪啊？

373
00:23:40,094 --&gt; 00:23:43,180
-=未完待续=-
翻译/校译：Tucity http://blog.sina.com.cn/tucity
时间轴；花与虫 http://bugsandflowers.blogspot.com
本字幕仅为个人学习之用，请勿用作商业用途

1
00:00:01,600 --&gt; 00:00:04,102
水善国

2
00:00:04,228 --&gt; 00:00:06,104
土强国

3
00:00:06,188 --&gt; 00:00:08,273
火烈国

4
00:00:08,398 --&gt; 00:00:10,817
气和国

5
00:00:10,943 --&gt; 00:00:14,238
很久以前，这四大国和谐共处

6
00:00:14,321 --&gt; 00:00:19,451
然而，烈火国发起的战争结束了和平

7
00:00:19,534 --&gt; 00:00:23,288
只有同时掌握四种元素的降世神通才能结束战争

8
00:00:23,330 --&gt; 00:00:25,123
然而在大家最需要他的时候

9
00:00:25,207 --&gt; 00:00:27,167
他却消失了

10
00:00:27,292 --&gt; 00:00:31,088
100年后，我和哥哥发现了转世的降世神通

11
00:00:31,213 --&gt; 00:00:33,006
他是个御气师，名叫“安昂”

12
00:00:33,131 --&gt; 00:00:35,467
尽管他的御气术着实厉害

13
00:00:35,550 --&gt; 00:00:38,845
在拯救苍生之前，他要学的还有很多

14
00:00:38,929 --&gt; 00:00:41,348
但是我坚信  安昂能拯救这个世界

15
00:00:42,641 --&gt; 00:00:46,853
-=降世神通=-
最后的气宗
翻译/校译：Tucity http://blog.sina.com.cn/tucity
时间轴：花与虫 http://bugsandflowers.blogspot.com
本字幕仅为个人学习之用，请勿用作商业用途

16
00:00:47,612 --&gt; 00:00:50,240
降世神通 前情提要

17
00:00:50,365 --&gt; 00:00:54,327
我是南极水族唯一的御水师

18
00:00:54,411 --&gt; 00:00:58,707
这艘船出现的时候，姥姥还是个小姑娘

19
00:00:58,790 --&gt; 00:01:02,085
这是火族第一次进攻时留下的

20
00:01:02,169 --&gt; 00:01:04,796
传说月亮是第一位御水师

21
00:01:04,880 --&gt; 00:01:08,133
先人们亲眼目睹她是如何控制潮汐的

22
00:01:08,216 --&gt; 00:01:10,510
慢慢的也学会了这个本领

23
00:01:10,510 --&gt; 00:01:13,889
难怪我总觉得我的御水术在夜晚时最强

24
00:01:14,973 --&gt; 00:01:16,266
你在干嘛？

25
00:01:16,391 --&gt; 00:01:18,643
我正让自己造些水出来

26
00:01:20,937 --&gt; 00:01:26,401
第三卷
火
</pre></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
