# S03E14 - The Boiling Rock, Part I

**Languages:** English / 中文

<div class="script-grid">
  <div class="script-col">
    <div class="script-col-title">English</div>
    <pre class="script">
      The Boiling Rock, Part I

      Written By: May Chan
      Directed By: Joaquim Dos Santos
      Storyboard By: Joaquim Dos Santos, Ian Graham, Lauren Montgomery, Kenji
      Ono, Yu, Jae Myung
      Animation By: JM Animation Co., LTD.
      Transcriber: Icy_Ashford

      [Introduction sequence]

      [“Previously on Avatar” sequence, including clips from The Day of Black
      Sun Part 2]

      Act I

      (The episode opens up to night time at the Western Air Temple.)

      Zuko: (Cut to a tray full of tea cups with Zuko’s hand holding a kettle
      and filling up the empty cups) No one can make tea like Uncle. (Camera
      pans up to Zuko’s face) But hopefully I learned a thing or two. Would you
      like to hear Uncle&#x27;s favorite tea joke‌
      Katara: Sure. (Cut to an overhead of the group sitting around a fire)
      Aang: I like jokes.
      Toph: Bring it. (Zuko stands up with his tray)
      Zuko: Okay. (Cut to Zuko kneeling between The Duke and Haru) Well, I can&#x27;t
      remember how it starts but the punch line (the boys help themselves to the
      tea) is, &quot;Leaf me alone, I&#x27;m bushed.&quot; (They give a dead panned look. Cut
      to show the rest of the group giving Zuko the same look as well) Well,
      it&#x27;s funnier when Uncle tells it.
      Katara: Right. Maybe that&#x27;s because he remembers (grabs a cup) the whole
      thing.

      (Aang laughs and helps himself to a cup. Cut to show the group laughing as
      well. Cut back to Zuko who smiles.)

      Toph: It&#x27;s nice to get a chance to relax a little. (Zuko walks between
      Toph and Teo and hands them their drinks.) It hardly ever happens. (They
      proceed to drink it)
      Sokka: (Cut to Sokka who is sitting by himself at the side, thinking) Hey,
      can I talk to you for a second‌

      (He gets up and walks away. Zuko places his tray down and follows. They
      walk to the area where Appa is resting.)

      Zuko: So (Appa wakes up and looks at them) what&#x27;s up‌
      Sokka: (Cut to the side view of the area as they continue to walk further
      into the dark) If someone was captured by the Fire Nation, where would
      they be taken‌
      Zuko: What do you mean‌ Who was captured‌
      Sokka: When the invasion plan failed, some of our troops were taken. I
      just want to know where (gestures both hands out) they might be.
      Zuko: I can&#x27;t tell you.
      Sokka: What‌ Why not‌
      Zuko: Trust me. Knowing would just make you feel worse. (He turns around
      and Sokka grabs his shoulder)
      Sokka: It&#x27;s my Dad. He was captured too. I need to know what I put him
      through.
      Zuko: It&#x27;s not good Sokka.
      Sokka: Please.
      Zuko: (closes his eyes) My guess is… (opens his eyes) They were taken to
      the Boiling Rock.
      Sokka: (frowns slightly) What&#x27;s that‌
      Zuko: (off screen) The highest security prison in the Fire Nation.
      (Sokka’s mouth goes slightly agape) It&#x27;s on an island in the middle of a
      boiling lake. (Sokka turns towards the camera, folds his arms and looks
      serious) It&#x27;s inescapable.
      Sokka: So where is this place‌
      Zuko: Why do you need to know‌ What are you planning‌
      Sokka: Nothing. Boy, you&#x27;re so paranoid. (waves his arm dismissively)
      Zuko: (warily) It&#x27;s in the middle of a volcano between here and the Fire
      Nation. You guys actually flew right past it on your way here.
      Sokka: Thanks Zuko. (yawns and pats Zuko’s shoulder as he walks past) Just
      knowing makes me feel better.
      Zuko: Yeah, I&#x27;m sure it does.

      (Cut to an area behind both of them as they walk back to the fire. Camera
      fades to show Aang snoring in his sleep. A boot walking tip-toed comes
      into screen. Cut to show Katara sleeping in her sleeping bag. Camera zooms
      out to show the others are asleep as well as Sokka silently walks towards
      Appa with his belongings. Cut to Sokka as he lets out a sigh after
      successfully not waking anyone. He turns as the music lets out a surprised
      tune. His eyes widen. Camera pans down to show that he nearly tripped over
      a sleeping Momo. He walks over him and patters his way towards Appa.

      He starts to climb up as Appa wakens. Sokka shushs him and Appa goes back
      to sleep. Cut to an overhead view of Sokka as he ascends. Cut to his hand
      reaching the saddle and pulling himself up to reveal Zuko already waiting
      for him.)

      Zuko: Not up to anything, huh‌

      (Sokka yelps in shock and loses his grip as he falls down on the hard
      stone floor with a loud thud and groan.)

      Sokka: Fine, you caught me. I&#x27;m gonna rescue my Dad. (puts back his
      belongings back into his bag) You happy now‌
      Zuko: I&#x27;m never happy.
      Sokka: Look, I have to do this. The invasion plan was my idea. It was my
      decision to stay when things were going wrong. (Cut to a side view of
      Sokka walking towards Appa as Zuko jumps off the bison) It&#x27;s my mistake
      and it&#x27;s my job to fix it. (Cut back to Sokka who looks determined) I have
      to regain my honor. You can&#x27;t stop me Zuko.
      Zuko: You need to regain your honor‌ Believe me, I get it. I&#x27;m going with
      you.
      Sokka: (Sokka climbs up near the saddle) No. I have to do this alone.
      Zuko: How are you going to get there‌ On Appa‌ Last time I checked, (Cut
      to a back view of Sokka) prisons don&#x27;t have bison day cares.

      (Sokka touches the saddle before he sighs and looks at Zuko.)

      Zuko: We&#x27;ll take my war balloon.

      (Sokka jumps off. Cut to show both boys walking off screen as Momo and
      Appa continue to slumber. Time quickens and shows the same scene again but
      it’s already morning at the temple. The Duke walks into screen with an
      armful of hay as he throws it into Appa’s mouth. Katara walks into screen
      as well. Cut to Momo sleeping on his back with a piece of crumpled paper
      in his arm like a blanket. Katara’s gloved hand retrieves it.

      Cut to Toph and Aang who sleepily rubs his eyes as they walk to Katara’s
      side.)

      Toph: What does it say‌
      Katara: Need meat. Gone fishing. (Turns the paper and her head as she
      tries to decipher the handwriting) Back in a few days. (Aang turns around
      and yawns.) Sokka and Zuko. One more thing. (Cut to an area in Aang’s
      sleeping bag as he walks back) Aang, practice your firebending while I&#x27;m
      gone. Do twenty sets of fire fists and 10 hot squats every time you hear a
      badger frog croak. (Aang lies down and proceeds to go back to sleep) Zuko.

      (A badger frog croaks and Aang opens his eyes with irritation and stands
      up.)

      Aang: Nobody else has homework. (Cut to an overhead view of Aang as he
      proceeds to squat with his hands behind his head) One hot squat. Two hot
      squat. Three hot squat. Four hot...

      (Cut to an area full of clouds as Zuko’s war balloon appears from behind
      them. Cut to show the burner’s flame. It grows bigger for a while before
      going back to its normal size. Cut to a side view of Zuko to show him
      firebending into the fuel tank with one hand and Sokka resting in the
      background. They look at each other. Zuko firebends again. They stare at
      each other again before looking away in awkward silence.)

      Sokka: (looks up) Pretty clouds.
      Zuko: (raises head) Yeah, fluffy.

      (Cut to show a full side view of the war balloon as it sails through the
      air. A whistle pierces the silence. Cut back to inside the basket to show
      Sokka was the source of the whistle.)

      Zuko: (turns towards Sokka) What‌
      Sokka: What‌ Oh, I didn&#x27;t say anything. You know, a friend of mine
      actually designed these war balloons.
      Zuko: No kidding.
      Sokka: Yep. A balloon. But for War.
      Zuko: There&#x27;s one thing my Dad&#x27;s good at, (turns back to the tank and
      firebends) it&#x27;s War.
      Sokka: (nonchalantly) Yeah, it seems to run in the family.
      Zuko: Hey, hold on. Not everyone in my family is like that.
      Sokka: I know, I know, you&#x27;ve changed.
      Zuko: I meant my Uncle. He was more of a Father (Cut to Zuko who looks
      saddened) to me. And I really let him down.
      Sokka: (emphatically) I think your Uncle would be proud of you. Leaving
      your home to come help us, that&#x27;s hard.
      Zuko: It wasn&#x27;t that hard.
      Sokka: (Cut to a side view of the basket) Really‌ You didn&#x27;t leave behind
      anyone you cared about‌
      Zuko: Well I did have a girlfriend. Mai.
      Sokka: (He goes closer to Zuko with a surprised look on his face) That
      gloomy girl who sighs a lot‌
      Zuko: (Cut back to show Zuko grinning goofily) Yeah. (his face turns
      serious) Everyone in the Fire Nation thinks I&#x27;m a traitor. I couldn&#x27;t drag
      her into it.
      Sokka: (Cut back to Sokka who leans back on the basket) My first
      girlfriend turned into the Moon.
      Zuko: (looks up) That&#x27;s rough buddy.

      (Scene changes to night as the war balloon is still sailing in the sky.
      Cut to an overhead shot of Sokka who is snoring with his mouth open. Cut
      to the inside of the tank as Zuko firebends into it. Cut to the outside as
      Zuko closes the door and wipes his hands. He leans on the basket and spots
      something.)

      Zuko: There it is.

      (Sokka awakens instantly. Cut an area behind the balloon to show them
      nearing a volcano-like area with steam coming out from it.)

      Zuko: There&#x27;s plenty of steam to keep us covered. As long as we&#x27;re quiet
      we should be able to navigate through it without being caught.

      (Cut to an overhead view of the steaming crater. Cut to the fuel tank’s
      door opening and Zuko’s hand appearing into screen, firebending into it.
      Cut to the burner as it flames weakly. Cut to show the war balloon slowly
      descending into the crater. Cut to the inside of the basket as Sokka looks
      down at the steaming water.

      Cut back to the burner again as it begins to lose its power. Cut to an
      outer view of the war balloon as it rapidly goes down into the crater. Cut
      to an overhead view of the balloon getting lost through the sea of steam.

      (Cut back into the basket as Zuko rapidly firebends into the tank.)

      Zuko: We&#x27;re going down. The balloon&#x27;s not working anymore!

      (Sokka appears frantic as he rushes to the other side of the basket.

      Cut an area inside the vent looking down at the tank of fire and Zuko who
      decides to firebend into the vent instead.)

      Sokka: The air outside is just as hot as the air inside so we can&#x27;t fly.

      (Cut to show the war balloon continuing its descend. Cut back into the
      basket as it slants and Zuko loses his balance.)

      Zuko: So what are we supposed to do‌
      Sokka: (Cut back to Sokka who grabs onto the tank) I don&#x27;t know. Crash
      landing‌

      (Cut to show the war balloon dangerously near the water. Cut to show the
      basket touching the surface of the water. Cut back to Sokka as the water
      splashes onto his hand. Sokka flails his hand as he covers his mouth and
      struggles not to scream. Cut to a side view of the balloon as it glides on
      the water and crashes onto land, shattering the basket into pieces.

      Cut to the ground as both guys get thrown into screen with their
      belongings. Cut to show the vent slowly deflating onto the broken strips
      of wood and metal. Zuko and Sokka gets up as spurts out the stuff in his
      mouth. Both of them slowly turn towards the carnage.)

      Zuko: How are we gonna get off the island if the balloon won&#x27;t work‌
      Sokka: We&#x27;ll figure something out. I suspected it might be a one-way
      ticket.
      Zuko: (looks at Sokka as he walks away) You knew this would happen and you
      wanted to come anyway‌
      Sokka: (Cut to a back view of Sokka walking towards the fallen vent) My
      Dad might be here. I had to come and see.
      Zuko: Uncle always said (Sokka proceeds to gather more of the vent and
      places them into the broken basket) I never thought things through, but
      this, ugh, (grabs his head) this is just crazy. (Cut to a front shot of
      Zuko as he throws out both arms)
      Sokka: (Cut to an area inside the basket as Sokka turns back to Zuko) Hey!
      I never wanted you to come along in the first place. And for the record,
      (throws the fallen cloth into the basket) I always think things through.
      But my plans haven&#x27;t exactly worked, so this time I&#x27;m playing it by ear.
      So there.

      (He pushes the basket but yelps as his hand automatically withdraws since
      the basket scorches him. He proceeds to kick it. Cut to a side view of the
      broken balloon as it slowly sinks into the water)

      Zuko: What are you doing‌
      Sokka: It doesn&#x27;t work anyway. (Cut to an area behind their heads as both
      of them look at the vent slowly going underwater) And we don&#x27;t want anyone
      to find it.
      Zuko: I hope you know what you&#x27;re doing. (Both of them turn around)
      There&#x27;s no turning back now.

      (Cut to show a huge metal building hidden behind the steam. Cut to
      commercial break.)

      Act II

      (Scene returns back to the metal building the next day. Cut to a dark room
      with lights only illuminating the shelves full of helmets, shoulder pads
      and boots. The door closes as the light diminishes. Cut to the outside of
      the door to show 2 guys in prison guard uniform closing the door.)

      Zuko: I hope these disguises work.
      Sokka: We just need to lay low and find my Dad as soon as possible.

      (The corridor is suddenly filled with running guards. Sokka and Zuko grin
      nervously, hoping that they won’t be noticed.)

      Guard: (stopping at the opening of the corridor to address the 2 boys)
      Guards! There&#x27;s a scuffle in the yard, come on.

      (Cut to the corridor as Zuko and Sokka run behind the last of the group.
      Cut to the legs of the running guards to show them running towards a mass
      of people wearing red in the yard. Cut to an overhead view of the yard to
      show prisoners forming a circle around 2 people in the centre as they
      circle round each other. Cut to show the guards shoving the spectating
      prisoners aside. Cut to the front shot of the prisoner in the centre as
      the guards attempt to form a barricade in front of the crowd.)

      Chit Sang: I didn&#x27;t do anything. I&#x27;m going back to my cell.

      (He walks away. Cut to the ground looking up at Chit Sang and the guard as
      the guard firebends a whip and lashes it near Chit Sang’s legs.)

      Bully Guard: Stop right there Chit Sang.

      (Cut to Zuko and Sokka as Zuko walks forward, trying to interfere. Cut to
      Sokka gripping onto Zuko’s elbow)

      Sokka: (whispers) We can&#x27;t blow our cover. (Cut back to a front show of
      Chit Sang as the guard approaches him from behind)
      Bully Guard: I&#x27;ve had it with your unruly behavior.
      Chit Sang: (turns back to the guard) What did I do‌
      Bully Guard: (Cut to the guard) He wants to know what he did. (turns
      toward Zuko and Sokka) Isn&#x27;t that cute‌ (He looks back at Chit Sang as the
      guys stare at him in silence. The guard senses something suspicious and
      raises his visor to inspect the boys.)
      Zuko: (Sokka’s eye looks toward Zuko nervously) Uh, yeah, very cute sir.
      Sokka: Super cute.

      (The guard smiles satisfactorily at their answers and walks back towards
      Chit Sang)

      Bully Guard: You didn&#x27;t bow down when I walked by Chit Sang.
      Chit Sang: (outraged) What‌ That&#x27;s not a prison rule.
      Bully Guard: (Cut to an overhead shot of the guard staring up at Chit
      Sang) Do it.
      Chit Sang: (Cut back to Chit Sang who protests defiantly) Make me.

      (Camera slowly pans across the crowd looking at the commotion. Cut back to
      the guard as he smirks and walks away from Chit Sang. He then proceeds to
      firebend another whip. Cut to a side shot of the whip travelling towards
      Chit Sang. Cut to Chit Sang who turns around and firebends the whip and
      directs it back to the guard. Cut to the guard who kicks the flame aside.)

      Bully Guard: (shakes head) Tsk, tsk. Firebending is prohibited. (Cut back
      to Chit Sang who still remains in his stance) You&#x27;re going in the Cooler.
      (He drops his position. Guard suddenly points to Sokka) You! Help me take
      him in.
      Sokka: (whispers to Zuko) Meet back here in an hour.

      (Cut to an overhead shot of the circle as 3 of them walk away from the
      crowd. Cut to the metal building as camera slowly zooms out. Cut to a
      close up shot of the bumps of the metal building which are the coolers.
      Cut into the corridor as Chit Sang is led to the cooler with 2 security
      doors. Sokka opens them and water vapour gushes out.)

      Bully Guard: The Warden will deal with you soon.

      (Cut to the inside of the cooler as Chit Sang gets shoved in. Cut back to
      outside of the cooler as Sokka closes the 2 doors.)

      Bully Guard: Can you believe this guy‌
      Sokka: (gets into the act) Prisoners. Am I right‌
      Bully Guard: Ugh. Tell me about it.

      (Cut to a door with a guard sitting outside on a bench with his helmet
      off, reading something. Cut to the inside of the lounge with 3 guards
      eating their meals with their helmets off as they laugh.)

      Male Guard: (Camera zooms out to the buffet table as Zuko grabs his food)
      Hey new guy. I know it&#x27;s the rule to have your helmet on at all times but
      this is the lounge. Relax.
      Zuko: But what if there&#x27;s an incident‌ If I&#x27;m not prepared someone could
      strike me on the head. (He walks toward the table as the guards laugh)
      Female Guard: Give it a week, he&#x27;ll loosen up.
      Zuko: (Sets his plate down and sits with them) Can the new guy ask you
      veterans a few questions about the prison‌
      Female Guard: (Cut to the guard) No, you can&#x27;t date the female guards.
      Male Guard: (Camera pans to the left to the male guard) Trust me, you
      don&#x27;t want to. (A cup enters the screen and hits his head. The guard
      behind him laughs)
      Zuko: (Cut to a side view of Zuko) No, that&#x27;s not it. The Boiling Rock, it
      holds the Fire Nation&#x27;s most dangerous criminals right‌ So what about war
      prisoners‌

      (Cut to the yard looking up at the gondola heading towards a tower. Cut to
      the inside of the tower as the gondola docks. The door opens and a man
      walks out as the others bow their heads down in respect. Cut to the
      ceiling of the cooler as it blows cold air in.

      Camera pans down to show Chit Sang shivering and holding his legs close to
      his body for warmth. A shadow is seen peering into the cooler. Cut to a
      front shot of Chit Sang as he continues to shiver from the cold. Camera
      slowly zooms in on the person who is looking at Chit Sang. The blue eyes
      under the helmet hints that the person is Sokka.)

      Sokka: It sure looks cold in there.
      Bully Guard: That&#x27;s why we call it the Cooler. (Cut back to Chit Sang who
      continues to shiver) He won&#x27;t be firebending in there. (looks at the end
      of the corridor and suddenly pulls down his visor) It&#x27;s the Warden. Look
      alive.

      (They stand at attention at both sides of the door. Cut to a close up of
      the warden walking with a serious look on his face. Cut to the inside of
      the cooler as the door opens and the warden walks in.)

      Warden: So Chit Sang, I hear you used firebending to try to escape. You
      should know better.
      Chit Sang: (shivers and struggles to talk) I wasn&#x27;t trying to escape.
      Bully Guard: (off screen) He&#x27;s lying. (Cut to show the bully guard looking
      in) I saw him with my own eyes. (The warden’s guard pushes him away)
      Warden: No one (Camera slowly zooms in on his face) has ever, ever escaped
      from here. I&#x27;d sooner jump in the boiling lake myself than let that record
      fall. (Cut to a close up shot of his eyes he furrows them) Don&#x27;t forget
      it. Now (Cut to an overhead shot of the cooler as he turns away) go back
      to your shivering.

      (Chit Sang looks at the warden as the door closes, leaving him in the
      dark. He shivers and lowers his head down.

      Cut to the yard at the bottom of the gondola tower. Cut to another part of
      the yard to show the prisoners roaming about. There’s a fire nation
      insignia stencilled in middle of the yard. Camera pans to the left to show
      a guard leaning on the railing of a tower, looking down. Another guard
      joins him.)

      Zuko: Hey there, fellow guard. How goes it‌
      Sokka: (raises his visor) Zuko‌
      Zuko: (raises his finger to his mouth) Shh. Listen, I asked around the
      lounge. There are no (makes the gesture with his hands) Water Tribe
      prisoners. (raises his visor) I&#x27;m afraid your Father&#x27;s not here.
      Sokka: (Cut back to Sokka who is in shock) What‌ Are you sure‌ Did you
      double check‌
      Zuko: (Cut back to Zuko) Yeah, I&#x27;m sure.
      Sokka: (Cut to an area on the ground behind Zuko) No. (holds his head in
      despair as he walks towards a wall) No! (bangs his fist against the wall
      in frustration)
      Zuko: I&#x27;m really sorry Sokka.
      Sokka: So we came all this way for nothing. I failed. (leans on the wall)
      Again.
      Zuko: Err, (holds his chin in thought) what would Uncle say‌ (He looks to
      the sky. Cut to an area at Zuko’s feet looking up at him as he stares at
      the clouds) Sometimes clouds have two sides, a dark and light. And a
      silver lining in between. It&#x27;s like a silver sandwich. So... (Cut back to
      Sokka who appears disinterested) when life seems hard... (Sokka looks to
      the side and his eyes widen) take a bite out of the silver sandwich.
      (Sokka smiles and rushes to the railing.)
      Sokka: Maybe we haven&#x27;t failed after all.
      Zuko: That&#x27;s the spirit. I can&#x27;t believe (folds his arms) that worked. I
      didn&#x27;t even know what I was saying.
      Sokka: No, what you said made no sense at all. But look, (points) it&#x27;s
      Suki! (Cut to show an overhead view of the yard. Camera zooms in rapidly
      on Suki who is sitting on a rock)
      Guard: (off screen) Prisoners! (a bell rings through the yard as Suki gets
      up) Back in your cells!

      (Cut to Sokka who comically has 2 heart shapes as his eyes and lowers his
      visor as he rushes off. Cut to the prisoners housing area. Camera slowly
      pans to show a guard mopping the floor and another one doing his rounds.
      Cut to Suki lying on her bed. The door to her cell opens, illuminating her
      face as her eyes looks to the door.)

      Suki: (sits up and camera zooms out to show Sokka standing in front of
      her) What is it‌ (sits up straight on her bed, looking at him) Did I do
      something wrong‌
      Sokka: (crosses his arms) You mean you don&#x27;t recognize me‌
      Suki: You people all look the same to me. (looks to the side)
      Sokka: (Cut back to Sokka who looks on smugly) Oh. Then maybe you&#x27;ll
      recognize this.

      (He purses his lips and attempts smooching sounds. Suki grabs his chin.
      Cut to a side view of what’s happening as Suki pushes him to the door. Cut
      to Sokka’s back slamming the door as the helmet falls off his head . He
      looks surprised at the sudden violence. Cut to Suki remaining in her
      stance as a look of relief washes over her face.)

      Suki: Sokka, (runs to him) it&#x27;s you.

      (Cut to a side view of Sokka on the floor as Suki embraces him. Cut to a
      front shot of Sokka’s face as he smiles and hugs back. Cut to Suki who is
      tearing.)

      Sokka: (Cut to a side view of both of them standing up) The other Kyoshi
      Warriors, are they here‌
      Suki: No, (looks worried) I don&#x27;t know where they are. They locked me here
      because I&#x27;m the leader.
      Sokka: Well, you (touches her face with one hand) won&#x27;t be here for long,
      I&#x27;m busting you out.
      Suki: (Cut to Suki) I&#x27;m so glad (holds on to Sokka’s hand that is touching
      her face) to see you Sokka. I knew you&#x27;d come.

      (Cut to a side view of them again as they lower their hands into a hug.
      They look in each other’s eyes for a moment as they lean in for a kiss.
      Cut to Zuko who is standing outside the cell as he looks to the side.
      Camera zooms out to show a guard walking up the stairs. Zuko knocks on the
      door of Suki’s cell to warn them. Cut to the inside of the cell as Sokka
      and Suki break apart from the kiss. Cut to an area behind the female guard
      as she approaches Suki’s cell.)

      Female Guard: ‘Scuse me, I need to get into that cell.
      Zuko: No, you can&#x27;t go in there. (looks into the opening of the cell door)
      The lights are out… the prisoner (points to the door) could sneak up on
      you. (Cut to the female guard who frowns)
      Female Guard: Step aside, fool. (She tries to push Zuko aside but he grabs
      her arm and throws her against the wall.) Hey! Hey! What are you doing‌

      (The female guard manoeuvres her way around and throws Zuko against the
      cell door. Cut to the inside of the cell as Suki and Sokka sit down
      against the door, looking up at the opening and hearing the commotion.
      Sokka puts on his helmet. Cut to show a boot stomping on the ground.
      Camera zooms out to show Zuko trying to balance himself as he attempts to
      push the female guard down. The door to Suki’s cell opens and Sokka sneaks
      out. The female guard tries to elbow Zuko’s chin. Cut to a close up side
      view of the female guard as she looks to the side at Sokka.)

      Female Guard: Guard, (Camera zooms out to show Sokka trying to get away)
      help! (Sokka cringes) I think he&#x27;s an imposter! (Cut to Sokka as he turns
      around) Argh! Arrest him!

      (Camera slowly zooms in on Sokka with an unreadable expression on his
      face. Cut to commercial break.)

      Act III

      (Scene returns to an overhead shot of the Boiling Rock with a gondola
      slowly gliding into the prison. Cut back to the female guard, still locked
      in the same position earlier.)

      Female Guard: Get him off me and arrest him!

      (Camera zooms out on the scene in the corridor and quickly cuts to Sokka
      who stares at the situation. He slowly walks forward and grabs Zuko’s arm
      and throws him against the floor.)

      Sokka: You&#x27;re under arrest! (Helps Zuko to his feet and whispers) Don&#x27;t
      worry, I&#x27;ll figure it out.

      (Sokka leads him away while the female guard massages her sore shoulder.
      Cut to an area in the water showing the building of coolers. Cut to Zuko’s
      scarred side. He looks up as the door opens and light shines on his face.
      Cut to an area behind Zuko to reveal the warden standing at the doorway.)

      Warden: Well, well, well. (Cut to the warden) I never thought I&#x27;d find you
      in here, Prince Zuko.
      Zuko: (Cut back to Zuko’s side view) How did you know who I am‌
      Warden: How could I not‌ (furrows his eyebrows) You broke my niece&#x27;s
      heart. (Cut to a side view of the scene to show Zuko leaning dismissively
      against the wall.)
      Zuko: (stands straight) You&#x27;re Mai&#x27;s uncle‌ (Cut to Zuko’s guilty stricken
      face) I never meant to hurt her.
      Warden: (Cut back to warden and the camera slowly zooms in on him) Quiet!
      You&#x27;re my special prisoner now. And you best behave. If these criminals
      found out who you are, the traitor prince who let his nation down. Why,
      they&#x27;d tear you to shreds.
      Zuko: So what&#x27;s in it for you‌ Why don&#x27;t you just tell my Father and
      collect the reward.
      Warden: (darkly) Oh in due time believe me, I intend to collect.

      (He walks out. Cut back to Zuko’s face as the door closes and the room
      becomes dark again. Cut to the floor. 2 mops come into screen. Cut to a
      flight of stairs to show a guard descending and Zuko and Suki mopping the
      floor under the stairs.)

      Sokka: (crosses arms) Oh, good. You guys have met.
      Suki: (Camera zooms out to show Suki and Zuko doing their chores)
      A…actually, we met a long time ago.
      Zuko: We did‌
      Suki: Yeah, you kind of burned down my village. (looks at Zuko angrily as
      Sokka puts his hand on his helmet in a “You shouldn’t have said that”
      gesture)
      Zuko: (looks up and thinks) Oh. Sorry about that. Nice to see you again.
      (They put their mops against the wall as they sit down. Sokka checks his
      surroundings before joining them)
      Sokka: So listen, I think I have an escape plan. (faces the two and kneels
      while lifting his visor) I checked out the Coolers again, the whole point
      of them is to keep firebenders contained, right‌
      Zuko: Yeah...
      Sokka: So they&#x27;re completely insulated and sealed to keep the cold in.
      Well to keep the cold in it also has to keep the heat out, right‌
      Suki: Just get to the point Sokka.
      Sokka: It&#x27;s a perfect boat (he left arm moves across his body in a fluid
      motion) for getting through the boiling water.
      Zuko: (Cut to Zuko and Suki who look at each other sceptically) The cooler
      as a boat‌ Are you sure‌
      Sokka: (Cut back to Sokka) I&#x27;m telling you, it&#x27;ll work.

      (Camera pans to the side quickly as it changes scene to Sokka walking
      around the perimeter of the Boiling Rock, near the water)

      Sokka: (voice over) I walked around the perimeter. There&#x27;s a blind spot
      (cut to Sokka’s point of view as he looks up to see the guard tower slowly
      disappearing from sight from the area under the cooler building) between
      two guard towers. It&#x27;s the perfect launching point. I already tested it
      out. (Cut to Sokka kneeling down. Cut to his hand letting go of a small
      boat made of paper) We&#x27;ll roll the cooler into the water and just float
      with the current. (Sokka looks on as the boat sails with the current)
      It&#x27;ll take us straight across. As long as we don&#x27;t make a sound, (Cut back
      to present day Sokka) no one will notice. And bing, bang, boom we&#x27;re home
      free.
      Suki: But how are you going to get the cooler out‌
      Chit Sang: (off screen) Yeah, (Suki and Zuko are startled as they look up.
      The camera pans up to show Chit Sang eavesdropping on their conversation
      on the stairs) how are you going to get the cooler out‌ (He sails his body
      through an area underneath the railing and lands in a crouch near the
      group)
      Sokka: (panics) What‌ (making various gestures) We didn&#x27;t. We… We didn&#x27;t
      say that. (waves arm dismissively)
      Zuko: Yeah, you heard wrong.
      Chit Sang: I heard you hatching an escape plan and I want in.
      Zuko: There&#x27;s nothing to get in on.
      Sokka: Yeah, the only thing we&#x27;re hatching is... an egg‌ (Zuko and Suki
      sigh at Sokka’s lame attempt to hide the truth)
      Chit Sang: Ok, well, I come with you or the Warden (Camera pans from Zuko
      to Suki who have serious looks on their faces) hears about this egg too.
      Suki: (looks to Sokka) I guess we have no choice.
      Sokka: Okay, you&#x27;re in. Now, first we need someone (he reaches to his
      pocket) to unbolt the Cooler. (he hands a wrench over to Zuko) From the
      inside. (Zuko puts it into his pocket)
      Chit Sang: (Cut to Chit Sang) Oh, I can get you inside.

      (Cut to 2 guards leaning on a railing overlooking the mopping area and
      talking to each other. Cut to Chit Sang walking and stopping in front of
      the stairs with his arms crossed. Zuko walks backwards as he mops the
      floor and bumps the mop handle into Chit Sang.)

      Chit Sang: Ugh. Hey, what are you, stupid‌ (grabs onto Zuko’s shoulders
      and Zuko does the same as well) Watch where you&#x27;re going! (They push each
      other and Chit Sang lifts Zuko off the ground and throws him. Zuko lands
      with a turn and faces Chit Sang.)
      Zuko: Hey, you watch who you&#x27;re shoving. (he pushes Chit Sang)
      Chit Sang: I think you mean whom I&#x27;m shoving.

      (They grab each others hands as they pretend to struggle. The other
      prisoners gather round and begin to cheer. They push each other before
      Zuko breaks off and attempts to throw a punch at Chit Sang. Chit Sang
      grabs his fist and throws him to the ground.)

      Sokka: (walks in and raises his voice) I need backup over here.

      (Chit Sang attempts to body slam Zuko but Zuko somersaults out of the way.
      Cut to Zuko landing safely and proceeding to firebend. Cut to an area
      behind Chit Sang as he jumps to avoid the flames from scorching his feet.)

      Guard: No firebending. (points) Into the cooler.

      (Two guards immediately rush in to contain Zuko to the floor. They bring
      him up and lead him away. Cut to Suki and Sokka stealing a glance at each
      other before they part ways. Cut to the gondola towers as the camera
      slowly pans across. Cut to the cooler building. Cut to a hand sliding the
      2 doors of the cooler open to reveal a figure huddling inside. Cut to the
      inside of the cooler as the camera looks at the guard.)

      Sokka: I can take you back to your cell if you&#x27;ve learned your lesson.
      Zuko: (lifts his head up and sighs a breath of fire) Yes, I have.
      Completely.

      (Zuko shows the various bolts and nuts he unbolted.)

      Sokka: (smiles and lifts his visor up as he whispers) I got Suki and Chit
      Sang out of their cells a few minutes ago. They&#x27;ll be waiting for us at
      the shore.
      Zuko: Someone&#x27;s coming.

      (Zuko pulls Sokka in and quickly slides the inner door closed.)

      Male Guard: (Cut to 2 guards making their rounds around the cooler
      corridor) Yeah, new arrivals coming in at dawn.
      Female Guard: Anybody interesting‌
      Male Guard: (Cut to the inside of the cooler as the door opens by an inch
      to listen in to the conversation) Nah, just the usual. Some robbers, (Cut
      to the outside of the door to show Sokka’s blue eye looking at the guards
      warily) couple of traitors, some war prisoners. (Sokka looks to Zuko)
      Though I did hear there might be a pirate.
      Female Guard: No foolin’.
      Zuko: (Cut to a concerned Zuko) War prisoners. It could be your Father.
      Sokka: I know. (looks away and closes his eyes)
      Zuko: Well, what should (shrugs) we do‌ Are we going ahead with the plan
      or are we waiting another night‌
      Sokka: (shakes head) I don&#x27;t know. (looks towards Zuko with tears in his
      eyes) Is it right for me to risk Suki&#x27;s freedom‌ All of our freedom on the
      slim chance that my dad is gonna show up‌
      Zuko: It&#x27;s your call Sokka.

      (Cut back to Sokka who struggles to make a decision. Cut to night at an
      area in the water looking up at the cooler building. Cut to Chit Sang and
      Suki who are waiting. They look up and camera pans up to show Zuko and
      Sokka using all of their body weight to stop the cooler from rolling down
      the slope rapidly and noisily. Both of them rush up to assist.)

      Chit Sang: Took you guys long enough. This here&#x27;s (Cut to show a girl
      waving at them and a guy waiting near the shore) my girl and my best
      buddy. They&#x27;re coming too.
      Sokka: (Cut back to Sokka who looks annoyed and struggling against the
      weight of the cooler) Fine, everybody in the cooler. Let&#x27;s go.

      (They turn the cooler into a vertical position. Cut to a shadow walking to
      a rock. Sokka’s hand lifts to rock to reveal Water Tribe clothing hidden
      underneath.)

      Zuko: (Cut to a side view of the scene as Suki and Zuko look on) Are you
      sure you want to go‌ (walks to Sokka as he slings his sword) You&#x27;re the
      one who said you wanted to redeem yourself. Redeem your honor. Rescuing
      your Dad is your chance.
      Suki: (walks towards Sokka) Your Dad‌
      Sokka: (Cut to Sokka who looks up at them in desperation) If I had just
      cut my losses at the invasion, maybe we wouldn&#x27;t be in this mess. Maybe
      sometimes it&#x27;s just better to call it quits before you fail.
      Zuko: (Cut back to Zuko) No, it&#x27;s not. Look Sokka, you&#x27;re going to fail a
      lot before things work out.
      Sokka: (stands up as he slings is bag over his shoulder while raising his
      eyebrows) That&#x27;s supposed to make me feel better‌ (walks away)
      Zuko: Even though you&#x27;ll probably fail over and over and over again.
      (Sokka stops in his tracks)
      Sokka: Seriously, not helping.
      Zuko: (grabs Sokka’s shoulder) You have to try every time. You can&#x27;t quit
      because you&#x27;re afraid you might fail.
      Chit Sang: (off screen) Hey, (Cut to Chit Sang holding onto the cooler) if
      you two are done cuddling, can we get a move on‌
      Sokka: No, I&#x27;m staying. (drops his bag as he turns around and address Zuko
      and Suki) You guys go. (places a hand on Suki’s shoulder) You&#x27;ve been here
      long enough.
      Suki: (grabs his hand reassuringly) I&#x27;m not leaving without you, Sokka.
      Zuko: (comes into screen) I&#x27;m staying too.
      Chit Sang: Not me, I&#x27;m out. Let&#x27;s roll baby. (he pushes the cooler and
      jumps into it)
      Sokka: (Cut to inside the cooler looking at the trio as they shrink in the
      distance) We gave up our only chance of escaping. (Cut back to the trio) I
      hope we haven&#x27;t just made a huge mistake.

      (Scene fades to an area in the water looking up at a gondola. It is nearly
      dawn. Cut to the cooler sailing across the water slowly. Cut to Chit Sang
      in the cooler who is wiping perspiration off his face. He stands up and
      looks around. Cut back to the inside of the cooler to show Chit Sang’s
      buddy and girlfriend perspiring heavily as well.)

      Chit Sang: Argh, this current is so slow. (Cut back out into the water to
      show Chit Sang tearing off a small, metal, rectangular section of the
      cooler) I can use this to paddle.

      (Cut to the “paddle” touching the water and the metal sears under the
      heat. Chit Sang’s hand immediately lets go of the metal piece as he looks
      at his hand and struggles not to scream. His whole body rapidly reddens as
      he continues to struggle. He lets out a scream. Cut to an overhead view of
      the crater to emphasize that his scream can be heard through the whole
      prison.

      Cut to a guard who looks at the cooler in the water. Cut to a hammer
      hitting a bell. Cut to the bottom of the bell tower as the camera looks up
      at the 2 people who are sounding the bell. The warden appears into
screen.)

      Warden: (looks down) Guards! Secure the perimeter (a line of guards run
      down a platform hurriedly) and lock down the prisoners. Now!

      (Cut to a group of prisoners in the yard running off. As they run off
      screen, a guard brandishes his fire whip and flails it towards the screen.
      Cut to the prison wall. Camera slowly pans down to show the trio pressing
      themselves against the wall to avoid being spotted.)

      Sokka: The plan failed! They&#x27;re caught.

      (They slowly make their way across the narrow platform. Cut to a huge
      metal contraption.)

      Warden: Get the fugitives and throw them in the Cooler!
      Guard: (The guard in charge of the steering wheel turns towards the
      warden) Uh, they are in the cooler sir.
      Warden: (raises his voice towards the guard) One that&#x27;s bolted down and
      not floating in the water! This is a lockdown! (Cut to a side view of the
      scene and the warden points behind, probably towards the gondola tower) We
      have new prisoners arriving! Everything must be completely secure!

      (The guard turns the steering wheel as a huge crossbow on the contraption
      is lowered. Cut to an area in the water as the bolt is released. Cut to
      the outside of the cooler to show the bolt piercing the cooler violently
      and reeling the cooler in.

      Cut to the inside of the cooler to show the huge harpoon contraption
      covering the cylindrical part of the cooler. Cut to a front shot of Chit
      Sang and the other escapees who are frightened. Cut to a side view of the
      scene as the cooler slowly sails across the water, back to the Boiling
      Rock. Cut to Sokka with his back pressed against a wall. He peers out
      carefully.)

      Sokka: The gondola&#x27;s moving.

      (Cut to the outside of said gondola as it slowly makes its way to the
      tower. Cut to an area in the yard looking at the gondola tower. Cut to
      Sokka looking at the gondola.)

      Sokka: This is it.

      (Cut to the gondola sailing into the tower and docking. There are shadows
      of various people inside.)

      Sokka: If my Dad&#x27;s not there, we risked everything for nothing.
      Suki: We had to.
      Sokka: (Cut to a close up of Sokka’s anxious face) Come on, come on.

      (Cut to a guard opening the door of the gondola. A big, burly man with
      shaggy long hair, a long beard, a nose ring and a tattoo on his arm walks
      out handcuffed.)

      Zuko: (off screen) Is that him‌

      (Cut back to the trio)

      Sokka: (looks back at Zuko) My Dad doesn&#x27;t have a nose ring.

      (Cut to an area outside the bridge as various prisoners file past. None of
      them are Hakoda.)

      Sokka: (Cut back to Sokka’s blue eye staring up at the scene) Where is he‌

      (Cut to a shirtless man with a topknot walking out of the gondola. No one
      follows behind him.)

      Sokka: (Cut back to Sokka who is looking on with disbelief) That&#x27;s it‌
      That can&#x27;t be it.
      Suki: I&#x27;m sorry Sokka.
      Sokka: Oh no. (lowers his head in dismay)
      Guard: (off screen) Hey you, (Sokka opens his eyes and the trio look up)
      get off (Cut to the line of guards in front of the gondola as the guard
      points to a person inside) the gondola.

      (Cut to the floor inside of the gondola looking out at the guards as legs
      walk into screen. Cut to Sokka who waits nervously in anticipation. Cut to
      a covered foot stepping out of the gondola. Camera pans up to show Hakoda
      looking around before disembarking. Cut back to Sokka who widens his
eyes.)

      Sokka: Dad.

      (Fade to white to show a “To Be Continued…” sign.)

      [End Credits]
</pre>
  </div>
  <div class="script-col">
    <div class="script-col-title">中文</div>
    <pre class="script">
第十四回
沸岩营救 上部

28
00:01:25,000 --&gt; 00:01:26,851
全天下找不到第二个像我皇叔那么会煮茶的人了

29
00:01:26,851 --&gt; 00:01:28,500
我学到的茶艺也只是皮毛而已

30
00:01:28,543 --&gt; 00:01:31,123
你们想听听皇叔最爱的茶间笑话吗？

31
00:01:31,123 --&gt; 00:01:32,470
-当然    -我最爱听笑话了

32
00:01:32,470 --&gt; 00:01:34,526
快说啊

33
00:01:34,548 --&gt; 00:01:37,322
好吧，那个，我忘了那笑话是怎么开头的了

34
00:01:37,322 --&gt; 00:01:41,222
不过我记得包袱是这么抖的：“别烦我，我快累死了”

35
00:01:45,565 --&gt; 00:01:48,064
那个，记得皇叔讲得时候挺好笑的

36
00:01:48,100 --&gt; 00:01:52,195
那是肯定的，起码他能记住整个笑话

37
00:01:58,246 --&gt; 00:02:00,661
偶尔能够休息一下真是太爽了

38
00:02:00,675 --&gt; 00:02:02,210
我都忘了上次休息是啥时候的事了

39
00:02:08,003 --&gt; 00:02:10,061
嘿，能跟你单独聊一下吗？

40
00:02:15,221 --&gt; 00:02:16,536
啥事？

41
00:02:17,066 --&gt; 00:02:21,691
被火宗抓住的人一般会被关押在哪里？

42
00:02:21,700 --&gt; 00:02:24,093
你问这个干嘛？谁被抓走了？

43
00:02:24,174 --&gt; 00:02:27,524
那次侵入计划失败后，我们当中的一些人被俘

44
00:02:27,530 --&gt; 00:02:29,490
我只想知道他们现在在哪

45
00:02:29,628 --&gt; 00:02:31,076
我不能告诉你

46
00:02:31,076 --&gt; 00:02:32,562
什么？！为啥??

47
00:02:32,562 --&gt; 00:02:35,646
相信我，知道之后只会让你感觉更糟

48
00:02:36,257 --&gt; 00:02:39,590
我爸爸他，他也被抓走了

49
00:02:39,590 --&gt; 00:02:41,892
我想知道因为我，他正经受着怎样的痛苦

50
00:02:41,892 --&gt; 00:02:44,747
-索卡，这可不是什么好消息  -拜托了

51
00:02:44,747 --&gt; 00:02:48,697
据我猜测，他们应该被关在沸岩

52
00:02:48,700 --&gt; 00:02:49,500
那是什么地方？

53
00:02:49,688 --&gt; 00:02:52,392
那里是烈火国防守最严密的监狱

54
00:02:52,392 --&gt; 00:02:55,764
坐落于沸湖中央的小岛上

55
00:02:55,764 --&gt; 00:02:58,944
-想要逃脱简直比登天还难    -那地方到底在哪？

56
00:02:58,944 --&gt; 00:03:02,010
要知道这个干什么？你到底打算干嘛？

57
00:03:02,010 --&gt; 00:03:05,862
啥也不干，伙计，别那么大惊小怪嘛

58
00:03:06,305 --&gt; 00:03:09,924
那座监狱位于这儿和烈火国之间的一座火山口中

59
00:03:09,988 --&gt; 00:03:13,391
事实上，你们曾经途径那里

60
00:03:13,400 --&gt; 00:03:15,167
谢了，祖寇

61
00:03:16,000 --&gt; 00:03:17,903
知道之后让我感觉好多了

62
00:03:18,446 --&gt; 00:03:20,733
是吗，好多了才怪

63
00:03:47,325 --&gt; 00:03:48,825
你不是没什么打算吗？

64
00:03:51,411 --&gt; 00:03:53,516
算你狠，被你抓到了

65
00:03:53,516 --&gt; 00:03:55,530
我要去救我老爸，你高兴了吧？

66
00:03:55,530 --&gt; 00:03:57,055
我就没高兴过

67
00:03:57,557 --&gt; 00:03:59,594
听我说，我必须这么做

68
00:03:59,594 --&gt; 00:04:01,682
那个入侵计划是我的主意

69
00:04:01,694 --&gt; 00:04:04,575
当计划失败时也是我坚持要留下的

70
00:04:04,575 --&gt; 00:04:07,858
都是我的错，我必须想办法补救

71
00:04:07,858 --&gt; 00:04:11,484
我必须找回我的尊严，你是阻止不了我的，祖寇

72
00:04:12,828 --&gt; 00:04:14,470
找回你的尊严？

73
00:04:14,470 --&gt; 00:04:16,421
相信我，我了解你的感受

74
00:04:16,421 --&gt; 00:04:17,764
我跟你一起去

75
00:04:17,764 --&gt; 00:04:20,355
不行，这件事我必须自己完成

76
00:04:20,355 --&gt; 00:04:23,136
那你要怎么去那儿呢？该不会是要骑阿柏吧？

77
00:04:23,136 --&gt; 00:04:26,228
据我所知，监狱里可没有“托飞牛所”

78
00:04:29,329 --&gt; 00:04:31,323
咱们还是乘我的作战气球去吧

79
00:04:46,706 --&gt; 00:04:47,751
上面写了什么？

80
00:04:47,751 --&gt; 00:04:52,527
馋肉?鋈猓サ鲇阍眨トゾ突? 索卡和祖寇

81
00:04:52,527 --&gt; 00:04:56,650
好有件事，安昂，我走这段时间要记得练习你的御火术

82
00:04:56,650 --&gt; 00:05:02,146
每当听见獾蛙叫时，做20个火墙术和10个烈焰蹲，祖寇

83
00:05:05,393 --&gt; 00:05:07,933
别人都不留家庭作业的

84
00:05:11,015 --&gt; 00:05:15,068
烈焰蹲1下，烈焰蹲2下，烈焰蹲3下，烈焰蹲4下...

85
00:05:28,300 --&gt; 00:05:29,602
这云彩真漂亮啊

86
00:05:29,913 --&gt; 00:05:32,841
是?奕薜?

87
00:05:36,300 --&gt; 00:05:40,112
-什么？ -什么什么？我什么也没说啊

88
00:05:41,636 --&gt; 00:05:44,681
你知道吗，其实这些作战气球是我的一个朋友发明的

89
00:05:44,681 --&gt; 00:05:46,291
-真的吗？  -那当然

90
00:05:46,641 --&gt; 00:05:49,606
明明是个气球，却用来打仗

91
00:05:49,606 --&gt; 00:05:52,131
我父皇只有打仗这件事最在行

92
00:05:52,716 --&gt; 00:05:54,838
没做，那好象是你们家族人的遗传

93
00:05:54,947 --&gt; 00:05:57,829
嘿，谁说的，我们家族并不是每个人都是好战分子

94
00:05:57,882 --&gt; 00:05:59,893
我知道，我知道，你已经弃恶从善了

95
00:05:59,893 --&gt; 00:06:02,181
我说的是我的皇叔

96
00:06:02,181 --&gt; 00:06:04,794
对我来说，他更像是父亲

97
00:06:05,200 --&gt; 00:06:07,237
可我却让他失望了

98
00:06:07,237 --&gt; 00:06:10,014
你的皇叔一定会以你为傲的

99
00:06:10,014 --&gt; 00:06:13,296
离乡背井的来帮助我们，这并非易事

100
00:06:13,296 --&gt; 00:06:15,381
其实也没什么难的

101
00:06:15,381 --&gt; 00:06:18,534
真的吗？难道家乡没有你惦记的人吗？

102
00:06:18,534 --&gt; 00:06:22,290
那个，我是有个女朋友啦，她叫梅

103
00:06:22,306 --&gt; 00:06:24,570
是那个身材修长的阴郁女孩吗？

104
00:06:24,570 --&gt; 00:06:29,786
是?一鸸淖用穸既衔沂歉雠淹?

105
00:06:30,196 --&gt; 00:06:32,753
我不能把她也卷进来

106
00:06:33,623 --&gt; 00:06:35,570
我的第一任女友变成了月亮

107
00:06:35,570 --&gt; 00:06:38,272
苦了你了，兄弟

108
00:06:51,272 --&gt; 00:06:52,767
咱们到了

109
00:06:54,401 --&gt; 00:06:56,368
下面水汽很重，是个很好的掩护

110
00:06:56,368 --&gt; 00:07:00,287
只要我们保持安静就能顺利的到达

111
00:07:19,700 --&gt; 00:07:20,628
咱们在急剧下降

112
00:07:20,628 --&gt; 00:07:22,204
气球无法工作了

113
00:07:22,204 --&gt; 00:07:27,102
现在气球外的空气比内部热，所以我们就飞不起来了

114
00:07:29,245 --&gt; 00:07:30,437
那咱们现在该怎么办？

115
00:07:30,437 --&gt; 00:07:33,039
我不知道，迫降成不？

116
00:07:50,000 --&gt; 00:07:52,930
气球都坏了，咱们该怎样离开这个岛呢？

117
00:07:52,930 --&gt; 00:07:54,516
总会有办法的

118
00:07:54,516 --&gt; 00:07:56,805
本来也没指望它能带我们回去

119
00:07:56,805 --&gt; 00:07:59,162
你早就料到会这样，还执意要来？

120
00:07:59,300 --&gt; 00:08:02,803
我老爸很有可能在这儿，我必须来确认一下

121
00:08:03,329 --&gt; 00:08:07,310
虽然皇叔常说“船到桥头自然直”，可这....

122
00:08:07,350 --&gt; 00:08:09,030
这实在是太疯狂了

123
00:08:09,030 --&gt; 00:08:12,056
嘿，你要来可不是我逼你的啊

124
00:08:12,056 --&gt; 00:08:14,965
再说了，以前每一次我都能化险为夷的

125
00:08:15,235 --&gt; 00:08:18,942
不过这次我的计划没能成功
多花些时间来考虑考虑不就得了

126
00:08:18,942 --&gt; 00:08:19,898
就这么定了

127
00:08:24,000 --&gt; 00:08:25,444
你这是干嘛？

128
00:08:26,000 --&gt; 00:08:29,460
反正也没用了，我可不想让其他人发现它

129
00:08:29,460 --&gt; 00:08:31,494
希望你自己知道在做什么

130
00:08:32,556 --&gt; 00:08:34,272
现在咱们可是没有回头路了

131
00:08:45,407 --&gt; 00:08:47,313
希望咱们这身伪装能管用

132
00:08:47,416 --&gt; 00:08:50,509
我们只需要保持低调，尽快找到我老爸就成了

133
00:08:52,431 --&gt; 00:08:55,099
那边的，广场上有人闹事，快来

134
00:09:03,895 --&gt; 00:09:05,787
我什么也没做啊

135
00:09:05,787 --&gt; 00:09:07,516
我要回我的班房去了

136
00:09:08,792 --&gt; 00:09:11,095
秦尚，你给我站住

137
00:09:12,800 --&gt; 00:09:15,009
别暴露了我们的身份

138
00:09:16,500 --&gt; 00:09:19,644
你犯狱规的事我可是亲眼所见

139
00:09:20,027 --&gt; 00:09:21,145
我咋啦？

140
00:09:21,145 --&gt; 00:09:23,149
他想知道自己犯啥规了

141
00:09:23,149 --&gt; 00:09:24,658
很可爱不是吗？

142
00:09:27,011 --&gt; 00:09:30,684
-呃，十分可爱，长官  -超可爱

143
00:09:31,715 --&gt; 00:09:34,866
秦尚，我从你身边经过的时候你怎么不低头行礼呢？

144
00:09:34,988 --&gt; 00:09:37,287
什么？狱规里哪有这条啊

145
00:09:37,287 --&gt; 00:09:40,784
-赶快低头    -想得美

146
00:09:56,971 --&gt; 00:09:59,310
禁止使用御火术

147
00:09:59,310 --&gt; 00:10:01,106
你乖乖的进冷却器受罚吧

148
00:10:02,663 --&gt; 00:10:05,149
你，过来帮我把他押进去

149
00:10:05,149 --&gt; 00:10:06,834
一个小时候再见

150
00:10:18,217 --&gt; 00:10:20,878
典狱长很快就会来发落你的

151
00:10:25,000 --&gt; 00:10:26,866
你相信这家伙的话吗？

152
00:10:26,866 --&gt; 00:10:29,858
谁会相信犯人的鬼话呢？

153
00:10:29,858 --&gt; 00:10:31,632
呃，谁说不是呢

154
00:10:35,756 --&gt; 00:10:39,028
嘿，新来的，我知道条例说让一直带着头盔

155
00:10:39,028 --&gt; 00:10:41,886
不过这是午饭时间，放轻松啦

156
00:10:41,886 --&gt; 00:10:43,986
但要是有突发事件该咋办啊

157
00:10:43,986 --&gt; 00:10:46,704
要是没这备好，被犯人一棍削在头上该咋办啊

158
00:10:51,500 --&gt; 00:10:54,382
肯定不出一个礼拜，他就会把那玩意摘掉了

159
00:10:54,382 --&gt; 00:10:58,406
我有几个关于监狱的问题想请教几位前辈，可以吗？

160
00:10:58,406 --&gt; 00:11:01,475
不行，你不能和女警卫约会的

161
00:11:01,475 --&gt; 00:11:04,256
相信我，你不会想和她们约会的

162
00:11:04,256 --&gt; 00:11:07,506
不，我要问的不是这个

163
00:11:07,506 --&gt; 00:11:12,034
这沸岩监狱里，关的应该是烈火国最危险的罪犯，对吧

164
00:11:12,034 --&gt; 00:11:15,970
这里有关押战犯吗？

165
00:11:36,056 --&gt; 00:11:38,059
看起来里面好像很冷的样子

166
00:11:38,059 --&gt; 00:11:40,498
要不怎么管它叫冷却器呢

167
00:11:40,498 --&gt; 00:11:42,774
他在里面使不出御火术

168
00:11:42,774 --&gt; 00:11:44,557
典狱长来了

169
00:11:44,557 --&gt; 00:11:45,597
给我精神着点

170
00:11:50,342 --&gt; 00:11:54,812
我说秦尚，听说你试图用御火术越狱

171
00:11:54,812 --&gt; 00:11:56,240
你应该有点自知之明

172
00:11:56,322 --&gt; 00:11:59,000
我并没有想越狱

173
00:11:59,000 --&gt; 00:12:01,429
他说谎，我可是亲眼看见的

174
00:12:02,076 --&gt; 00:12:05,338
没人能够从这儿逃出去

175
00:12:05,338 --&gt; 00:12:09,465
即使让我跳入沸湖，
我也不能让这个无人逃脱的记录被打破

176
00:12:09,465 --&gt; 00:12:11,266
给我长点记性

177
00:12:11,673 --&gt; 00:12:13,717
你自己在这儿接着抖吧

178
00:12:22,057 --&gt; 00:12:25,072
好啊，狱警同僚

179
00:12:25,391 --&gt; 00:12:26,549
一切正常吗？

180
00:12:26,549 --&gt; 00:12:28,660
-祖寇    -嘘

181
00:12:28,660 --&gt; 00:12:31,034
听着，我在午餐的时候打听过了

182
00:12:31,034 --&gt; 00:12:32,828
这里没有收押水族的囚犯

183
00:12:33,335 --&gt; 00:12:35,033
看来你父亲并没有在这儿

184
00:12:35,033 --&gt; 00:12:37,972
什么？你确定一定以及肯定吗？

185
00:12:37,972 --&gt; 00:12:39,932
是的，没错

186
00:12:39,932 --&gt; 00:12:42,847
不，不！

187
00:12:43,119 --&gt; 00:12:44,500
我真的很遗憾，索卡

188
00:12:44,600 --&gt; 00:12:47,098
这么说我们岂不是白来了

189
00:12:47,098 --&gt; 00:12:49,787
我又一次失败了

190
00:12:50,274 --&gt; 00:12:51,736
哦，如果是皇叔，他会怎么说呢？

191
00:12:54,176 --&gt; 00:12:56,586
云朵有时会有两面

192
00:12:56,586 --&gt; 00:12:59,878
在明暗两面之间有条银色的亮线

193
00:12:59,878 --&gt; 00:13:01,610
就像一个银色的三明治

194
00:13:01,759 --&gt; 00:13:04,714
所以每当生活遭遇困苦之时

195
00:13:04,714 --&gt; 00:13:07,179
不妨尝上一口这样的三明治

196
00:13:09,839 --&gt; 00:13:11,560
也许咱们这趟并没有白来

197
00:13:11,624 --&gt; 00:13:14,300
这样才对嘛，没想到我的话居然管用了

198
00:13:14,300 --&gt; 00:13:16,033
我刚才都不知道自己在说什么

199
00:13:16,100 --&gt; 00:13:18,477
不，我根本就没明白你想说啥

200
00:13:18,477 --&gt; 00:13:19,726
你看那儿

201
00:13:20,159 --&gt; 00:13:21,256
是苏琪

202
00:13:21,256 --&gt; 00:13:23,081
所有的囚犯，回到你们的牢房去

203
00:13:40,489 --&gt; 00:13:42,652
咋了？我做错什么了吗？

204
00:13:43,262 --&gt; 00:13:44,879
你不会是没认出我来吧

205
00:13:44,879 --&gt; 00:13:46,889
在我看来，你们长的都一个样

206
00:13:46,889 --&gt; 00:13:49,539
哦，或许你还记得这个吧

207
00:13:54,203 --&gt; 00:13:55,674
索卡

208
00:13:55,674 --&gt; 00:13:58,203
是你啊

209
00:14:01,238 --&gt; 00:14:03,455
其他的虚子武士也在这里吗？

210
00:14:03,520 --&gt; 00:14:07,607
没有，我不知道她们在哪儿
因为我是她们的首领所以才被关在这里

211
00:14:07,607 --&gt; 00:14:10,960
你不会在这里待太久的，我会劫你出去的

212
00:14:10,960 --&gt; 00:14:14,635
索卡，能见到你真的是太好了
我就知道你会来救我的

213
00:14:24,566 --&gt; 00:14:26,937
抱歉，我得进那个牢房看一眼

214
00:14:26,937 --&gt; 00:14:28,409
不行，你不能进去

215
00:14:29,000 --&gt; 00:14:32,741
灯都熄了，囚犯会趁机偷袭你的

216
00:14:32,741 --&gt; 00:14:37,557
笨蛋，给我闪一边去....嘿，你这是要干嘛？

217
00:14:47,332 --&gt; 00:14:50,442
警卫，救命啊！这个人是劫狱的

218
00:14:50,442 --&gt; 00:14:51,614
把他抓起来

219
00:14:58,998 --&gt; 00:15:01,280
赶快弄走他，把他给我抓起来

220
00:15:07,000 --&gt; 00:15:08,504
你被捕了

221
00:15:08,504 --&gt; 00:15:11,649
别担心，我会想办法救你的

222
00:15:21,174 --&gt; 00:15:23,242
哎哟哟

223
00:15:23,242 --&gt; 00:15:27,426
祖寇王子殿下，是什么风把你吹到这儿来的

224
00:15:28,092 --&gt; 00:15:29,721
你怎么会知道我的身份？

225
00:15:29,721 --&gt; 00:15:33,821
我怎么会不知道，是你伤了我侄女的心

226
00:15:34,276 --&gt; 00:15:36,275
你是梅的叔叔？

227
00:15:36,275 --&gt; 00:15:38,249
我从来没想到要伤害她

228
00:15:38,249 --&gt; 00:15:42,743
闭嘴，现在你可是我的阶下囚了

229
00:15:42,743 --&gt; 00:15:47,607
你最好给我老实点，如果这些囚犯发现你的身份

230
00:15:47,607 --&gt; 00:15:51,314
发现你是那个卖国求荣的叛徒王子

231
00:15:51,314 --&gt; 00:15:53,938
他们可不会对你心慈手软的

232
00:15:53,938 --&gt; 00:15:58,430
你到底想要干嘛？为何不把我献给父皇领赏

233
00:15:58,430 --&gt; 00:16:02,719
哦，相信我，时机成熟时，我会那么干的

234
00:16:13,926 --&gt; 00:16:15,250
哦，太好了，你们两个已经见面了

235
00:16:15,800 --&gt; 00:16:17,780
事实上，我们很久之前就见过了

236
00:16:17,780 --&gt; 00:16:23,000
-是吗？  -当然，好像是你领人烧了我们的村子

237
00:16:23,080 --&gt; 00:16:25,995
哦，真是万分抱歉

238
00:16:25,995 --&gt; 00:16:27,307
很高兴再见到你

239
00:16:31,317 --&gt; 00:16:34,037
好了，都听我说，我想好了个逃跑计划

240
00:16:34,745 --&gt; 00:16:36,563
我又去看了一下那个冷却器

241
00:16:36,563 --&gt; 00:16:39,508
它的主要用途是为了控制御火师的，对吧？

242
00:16:39,508 --&gt; 00:16:44,442
-那又怎样？ -所以它可以完全隔绝，并让冷气密封在里面

243
00:16:44,764 --&gt; 00:16:49,000
换句话说，也可以将热量隔绝在外面，不是吗？

244
00:16:49,087 --&gt; 00:16:50,595
索卡，直接说重点

245
00:16:50,595 --&gt; 00:16:54,015
我们可以用它当船载我们渡过沸湖

246
00:16:55,133 --&gt; 00:16:58,146
拿冷却器当船？你不是在搞笑吧？

247
00:16:58,146 --&gt; 00:17:00,184
相信我，没错的

248
00:17:00,755 --&gt; 00:17:03,851
我在监狱外墙转了一圈

249
00:17:04,113 --&gt; 00:17:06,565
在两座警卫塔楼之间有一处盲点

250
00:17:06,711 --&gt; 00:17:09,022
那就是绝佳的出发地点

251
00:17:09,444 --&gt; 00:17:11,734
我已经试验过了

252
00:17:11,734 --&gt; 00:17:15,897
在将冷却器推入水中之后，只需水流漂流

253
00:17:16,022 --&gt; 00:17:17,545
就可以直达对岸

254
00:17:17,545 --&gt; 00:17:20,161
只要不发出声响，就不会被人发现

255
00:17:20,161 --&gt; 00:17:22,484
如此简单方便，咱们就自由了

256
00:17:22,484 --&gt; 00:17:24,536
不过你怎样才能把冷却器弄出来呢？

257
00:17:24,536 --&gt; 00:17:27,453
对呀，你们怎样才能把冷却器弄出来呢?

258
00:17:29,829 --&gt; 00:17:32,901
啥？什么？我们什么也没说啊

259
00:17:32,901 --&gt; 00:17:34,185
没错，你肯定是听错了

260
00:17:34,185 --&gt; 00:17:37,756
我听到你们正在密谋(hatching)一个逃跑计划，我也要加入

261
00:17:37,756 --&gt; 00:17:39,619
哪有什么计划啊

262
00:17:40,189 --&gt; 00:17:43,672
我们只不过是在孵化....孵化一个鸡蛋？
（hatch：有孵化的意思）

263
00:17:45,738 --&gt; 00:17:49,555
好吧，那个，如果不算我一份的话
我就将这个“鸡蛋”的事告诉典狱长

264
00:17:49,856 --&gt; 00:17:51,744
看来我们别无选择了

265
00:17:51,744 --&gt; 00:17:53,640
好吧，算你一个吧

266
00:17:53,640 --&gt; 00:17:59,087
首先，我们需要一个人在内部把冷却器拆解

267
00:17:59,127 --&gt; 00:18:01,504
哦，我可以助你一臂之力

268
00:18:08,960 --&gt; 00:18:12,811
嘿，你这个笨蛋，你想挑衅??

269
00:18:14,409 --&gt; 00:18:16,933
嘿，走路不长眼的是你吧
（shuffling：慢慢移动）

270
00:18:19,361 --&gt; 00:18:21,934
小子，让你尝尝我拳头的滋味

271
00:18:32,711 --&gt; 00:18:34,829
这边需要支援

272
00:18:39,834 --&gt; 00:18:42,861
禁止使用御火术，把他关进冷却器

273
00:19:03,631 --&gt; 00:19:06,738
知道错了吗，好好认错就送你会牢房

274
00:19:09,250 --&gt; 00:19:12,379
是的，我已经彻底悔改了

275
00:19:13,773 --&gt; 00:19:17,385
几分钟前，我已经把苏琪和秦尚放出来了

276
00:19:17,385 --&gt; 00:19:19,279
我叫他们在湖岸等咱们

277
00:19:20,063 --&gt; 00:19:21,203
有人来了

278
00:19:22,324 --&gt; 00:19:24,974
没错，破晓时会来一批新犯人

279
00:19:24,974 --&gt; 00:19:26,187
有什么特别的人物吗？

280
00:19:26,187 --&gt; 00:19:31,362
没有，没啥特别的，就是些强盗、叛徒、战犯之类的

281
00:19:31,362 --&gt; 00:19:34,250
要是哪天来个海盗啥的该多好

282
00:19:34,250 --&gt; 00:19:36,519
-可不是嘛    -有战犯

283
00:19:36,519 --&gt; 00:19:38,377
说不定指的就是你父亲

284
00:19:38,553 --&gt; 00:19:39,951
有可能

285
00:19:39,951 --&gt; 00:19:42,129
那我们该怎么做？

286
00:19:42,129 --&gt; 00:19:45,175
是继续计划还是再等一个晚上？

287
00:19:45,175 --&gt; 00:19:48,991
我不知道，我该为了那个...

288
00:19:48,991 --&gt; 00:19:52,808
父亲会来的渺茫希望，葬送苏琪的自由吗？

289
00:19:52,808 --&gt; 00:19:54,504
索卡，她会理解的

290
00:20:04,838 --&gt; 00:20:06,863
都等了你们好久了

291
00:20:06,863 --&gt; 00:20:09,723
这是我的女友，还有我最好的兄弟，他们也要一起走

292
00:20:09,723 --&gt; 00:20:12,950
好吧，大家都进到冷却器中，咱们出发

293
00:20:21,500 --&gt; 00:20:22,975
你真的决心要走吗？

294
00:20:22,975 --&gt; 00:20:26,866
不是你说的要找回自我，寻回尊严的吗

295
00:20:26,866 --&gt; 00:20:29,099
救回你的父亲是最好的机会

296
00:20:29,312 --&gt; 00:20:30,238
你父亲？

297
00:20:31,550 --&gt; 00:20:36,205
如果我在入侵时不逞强的话，我们就不会落到如此田地了

298
00:20:36,717 --&gt; 00:20:39,905
也许有时候应该学会知难而退

299
00:20:39,987 --&gt; 00:20:41,412
你说的不对

300
00:20:41,412 --&gt; 00:20:45,015
听着，索卡，在你成功之前会有很多失败

301
00:20:45,287 --&gt; 00:20:47,203
你还真会给别人宽心哪

302
00:20:47,203 --&gt; 00:20:50,550
即使你不断的失败，失败，再失败

303
00:20:50,672 --&gt; 00:20:52,268
说实话，你的话不管用

304
00:20:52,268 --&gt; 00:20:57,476
你不要拒绝去尝试，不能因为害怕失败而临阵脱逃

305
00:20:57,476 --&gt; 00:21:00,881
嘿，你们两个别再唧唧歪歪的了，还能不能走了

306
00:21:02,281 --&gt; 00:21:05,650
我决定留下了，你们几个走吧

307
00:21:06,500 --&gt; 00:21:08,293
你应该离开这里了

308
00:21:08,308 --&gt; 00:21:10,200
索卡，我不会离开你的

309
00:21:10,200 --&gt; 00:21:12,033
我也留下

310
00:21:12,033 --&gt; 00:21:14,876
我可不管你们了，宝贝儿，咱们出发

311
00:21:17,000 --&gt; 00:21:19,467
我们放弃了逃生的唯一机会

312
00:21:19,803 --&gt; 00:21:23,047
希望我们的选择没错

313
00:21:34,435 --&gt; 00:21:36,487
这水流得也太慢了

314
00:21:37,736 --&gt; 00:21:40,236
我用这个划一下吧

315
00:21:52,999 --&gt; 00:21:57,906
警卫，防御主要通路，把犯人都给我关起来，马上

316
00:22:04,013 --&gt; 00:22:06,579
计划失败，他们被抓了

317
00:22:07,000 --&gt; 00:22:10,173
抓住逃犯，把他们给我关进冷却器里

318
00:22:10,300 --&gt; 00:22:12,500
那个，长官，他们现在就在冷却器里

319
00:22:12,500 --&gt; 00:22:17,058
少跟我贫嘴，没看到犯人正漂在水上吗

320
00:22:17,058 --&gt; 00:22:21,828
新犯人就要来了，安全上千万不能有闪失

321
00:22:35,099 --&gt; 00:22:37,182
揽船来了
（gondola：两头尖的平底船）

322
00:22:46,452 --&gt; 00:22:47,917
应该就是这条船

323
00:22:52,921 --&gt; 00:22:56,040
如果老爸不在里面的话，这次险冒的就太不值了

324
00:22:56,040 --&gt; 00:22:57,364
我们必须这么做

325
00:22:57,364 --&gt; 00:23:00,412
拜托，拜托啊

326
00:23:03,500 --&gt; 00:23:07,276
-那个人是他吗？  -我老爸可不穿鼻环

327
00:23:10,074 --&gt; 00:23:11,359
他在哪儿呢？

328
00:23:14,639 --&gt; 00:23:15,531
没有人了吗？

329
00:23:15,531 --&gt; 00:23:17,334
不会吧

330
00:23:17,334 --&gt; 00:23:20,142
-索卡，我很遗憾    -噢，天哪

331
00:23:20,706 --&gt; 00:23:24,037
嘿，说你呢，赶快从船上下来

332
00:23:35,088 --&gt; 00:23:36,800
老爸...

333
00:23:39,213 --&gt; 00:23:41,206
-=未完待续=-
听译/时间轴：Tucity
校正：阿土 英麟
特别感谢参与校译的新浪网友
http://blog.sina.com.cn/tucity
本字幕仅为个人学习之用，请勿用作商业用途

1
00:00:01,468 --&gt; 00:00:02,468
水善国

2
00:00:03,941 --&gt; 00:00:04,941
土强国

3
00:00:05,622 --&gt; 00:00:07,235
火烈国

4
00:00:08,227 --&gt; 00:00:09,227
气和国

5
00:00:10,525 --&gt; 00:00:13,413
很久以前，这四大国和谐共处

6
00:00:13,448 --&gt; 00:00:17,741
然而，烈火国发起的战争结束了和平

7
00:00:19,037 --&gt; 00:00:22,687
只有同时掌握四种元素的降世神通才能结束战争

8
00:00:23,004 --&gt; 00:00:25,767
然而在大家最需要他的时候，他却消失了

9
00:00:26,774 --&gt; 00:00:29,823
100年后，我和哥哥发现了转世的降世神通

10
00:00:30,113 --&gt; 00:00:31,836
他是个御气师，名叫“安昂”

11
00:00:32,157 --&gt; 00:00:34,336
尽管他的御气术着实了得

12
00:00:34,629 --&gt; 00:00:37,122
在拯救苍生之前，他要学的还有很多

13
00:00:38,066 --&gt; 00:00:40,839
但是我坚信 安昂能拯救这个世界

14
00:00:42,125 --&gt; 00:00:45,679
-=降世神通=-
最后的气宗
听译/时间轴：Tucity
校正：阿土 英麟
特别感谢参与校译的新浪网友
http://blog.sina.com.cn/tucity
本字幕仅为个人学习之用，请勿用作商业用途

15
00:00:46,944 --&gt; 00:00:49,406
降世神通 前情提要

16
00:00:49,462 --&gt; 00:00:52,730
我的父亲也被抓走了

17
00:00:52,730 --&gt; 00:00:55,984
据我猜测，他们应该被关押在沸岩监狱了

18
00:00:55,984 --&gt; 00:01:00,466
它坐落于沸湖中央的小岛上
想要从那里逃脱简直比登天还难

19
00:01:00,466 --&gt; 00:01:03,683
我们只需要保持低调，尽快找到我老爸就成了

20
00:01:03,683 --&gt; 00:01:08,795
秦尚，你给我站住，你犯狱规的事我可是亲眼所见

21
00:01:08,795 --&gt; 00:01:10,638
你乖乖的进冷却器受罚吧

22
00:01:10,638 --&gt; 00:01:12,740
那是苏琪

23
00:01:12,740 --&gt; 00:01:16,532
索卡，能见到你真的是太好了
我就知道你会来救我的

24
00:01:16,532 --&gt; 00:01:19,957
我听到你们正在密谋一个逃跑计划，我也要加入

25
00:01:19,957 --&gt; 00:01:26,330
哎哟哟，祖寇王子殿下
是什么风把你吹到这儿来的

26
00:01:26,594 --&gt; 00:01:30,390
-你怎么会知道我的身份？ -是你伤了我侄女的心

27
00:01:30,390 --&gt; 00:01:32,257
你是梅的叔叔？

28
00:01:32,257 --&gt; 00:01:35,635
没错，破晓时会来一批新犯人

29
00:01:35,635 --&gt; 00:01:37,070
有什么特别的人物吗？

30
00:01:37,070 --&gt; 00:01:42,293
没有，没啥特别的，就是些强盗、叛徒、战犯之类的

31
00:01:42,293 --&gt; 00:01:45,412
战犯？那指的是你的父亲吧

32
00:01:51,014 --&gt; 00:01:52,400
老爸...

33
00:01:53,797 --&gt; 00:01:58,615
第三卷
火
</pre>
  </div>
</div>
