# S03E05 - The Beach

**Languages:** English / 中文

<table class="script-table">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>English</th>
      <th>中文</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><pre class="script">
      The Beach

      Written By: Katie Mattila
      Directed By: Joaquim Dos Santos
      Storyboard: Michael Dante DiMartino, Joaquim Dos Santos, Ian Graham, Oh
      Seung Hyun, Kenji Ono, Giancarlo Volpe, Tomihiro Yamaguchi
      Animation By: Moi Animation
      Transcriber: Avatar_Mom and The Quenchiest

      [Introduction Sequence]

      [“Previously on Avatar” sequence includes clips from The Awakening and The
      Headband]

      Act I

      (After the preview, the episode opens with the front of a ship and a calm
      sea. Suddenly, a giant Sea Lion bursts through the surface with a shrill
      cry. The shot pans out to reveal the Sea Lion is pulling a Fire Nation
      Ship. Ty Lee and Azula are visible on deck)

      Ty Lee: I&#x27;m so excited to spend the weekend on Ember Island. (Cut to a
      close shot of Azula and Ty Lee standing on the deck, with Zuko and Mai
      sitting in the shade nearby) It&#x27;s gonna be great to hang out on the beach
      and do nothing.

      (Ty Lee rests her hands behind her head and closes her eyes with a
      satisfied smile. Cut to shot of Zuko and Mai sitting on cushions under a
      red canopy)

      Zuko: Doing nothing is a waste of time. (Zuko stands up) We&#x27;re being sent
      away on a forced vacation. (Zuko walks over to the balustrade, leans on it
      and stares out to sea) I feel like a child.

      (Cut to close shot of Azula)

      Azula: Lighten up. So dad wants to meet with his advisors alone…without
      anyone else around. Don&#x27;t take it personally.

      (Cut to shot of all four teens)

      Ty Lee: (gestures at Azula) Doesn&#x27;t your family have a house on Ember
      Island‌
      Azula: (turns toward Ty Lee) We used to come every summer when we were
      kids.
      Ty Lee: (enthused) That must&#x27;ve been fun!

      (Cut to close shot of Zuko looking out to sea. Mai sits looking at him in
      the background)

      Zuko: That was a long time ago.

      (Cut to shot of a coastline. The camera pans inland to reveal small docks
      and extravagant stilted Fire Nation beach bungalows. The camera rests on a
      small dock where two twin figures stand. The Fire Nation Boat enters the
      shot moving toward this dock. Cut to a quick close up shot of all four
      teens gazing out at the approaching Island. Cut to a shot of Li and Lo
      standing on the dock. Cut to a wide shot of the four teens standing on the
      boat with Li and Lo waiting in the foreground to greet them. Cut to close
      shot of Li and Lo.)

      Li and Lo: Welcome to Ember Island, kids.

      (The camera pans upward from Li and Lo’s dock to a small shabby beach
      cottage. Cut to a shot of the four teens looking displeased and skeptical.
      Cut to the camera panning upward through an ornate tropical room. The
      camera rests on a green curtained doorway through which Li/ Lo steps. Cut
      to close shot of Azula walking skeptically into the room followed by Ty
      lee. Cut to rear shot of the entire party entering the room. Cut to close
      shot of Zuko and Mai standing together, ornate trinkets in the
      foreground.)

      Zuko: It smells like old lady in here.
      Mai: (sarcastically, looking toward Zuko) Gee, I wonder why.

      (Cut to shot of Ty Lee looking at a painting of two young twins, twins
      standing back to back in a symmetrical seductive pose. Li and Lo approach
      her.)

      Ty Lee: Who are these two beautiful women‌

      (Cut to close shot of the painting in question, the camera quickly zooms
      out to include Li and Lo standing on either side of the painting)

      Li and Lo: Can&#x27;t you tell‌ (The elderly twins strike the identical
      seductive pose from the painting.) It&#x27;s Li/Lo and me.

      (Cut to close shot of the elderly twins rear ends touching in the
      foreground, while the four teens stand looking on, confused and slightly
      disgusted, in the background. Zuko covers his mouth to prevent himself
      from getting sick. Cut to an above shot of a Maroon printed bead spread.
      Ty Lee lies back on to the bedspread.)

      Ty Lee: (snuggling against the pillow) Ooh, I love this seashell
      bedspread!
      Mai: (Cut to shot of Mai) Are you serious‌ It looks like the beach threw
      up all over it.

      (Cut to wide shot of the entire room, Ty Lee is still snuggling her
      seashell bed spread in the foreground. The other three teens stand
      listening to Li and Lo.)

      Li: We know you&#x27;re upset that you were forced to come here this weekend.
      But Ember Island is a magical place. (Cut to close profile shot of Li.)
      Keep an open mind. (The camera slowly pans around her face to reveal her
      twin standing next to her.)
      Lo: Give it a chance…
      Li and Lo: …and it can help you understand yourselves and each other. (Cut
      to shot of Li grabbing one of the smooth stones resting on table. Cut to
      wide shot from above. Li passes the smooth stone to her sister.) The beach
      has a special way of (Close shot of Lo rubbing the smooth stone) smoothing
      even the most ragged edges. (Cut to shot of teens. Ty Lee joins the group
      and Azula yawns. Cut back to shot of Lo and Li. In an identical series of
      motions, they clap and strip off their robes, revealing their elderly
      bodies in swimwear.) Time to hit the beach! (Cut to shot of Mai covering
      Zuko’s eyes.)

      (Cut to the camera panning upward over rocks, revealing a crater filled
      with water at the top.)

      Toph: (voice over) Aang, I know swimming is fun and all, (wide shot of
      Toph, Katara, Sokka and Aang lounging around the water.) but do you really
      think you should be exposing yourself like that‌ (Close shot of Toph.)
      Cover up!
      Aang: (Cut to Aang floating through the water, Momo curled up on his
      chest) What‌ I&#x27;m wearing trunks.

      (Cut to shot of Toph sitting on the rocks in the background, while Katara
      wades in the water in the foreground.)

      Toph: I know...it&#x27;s your tattoos (raises arms in frustration) I&#x27;m worried
      about. What if someone sees you‌
      Katara: (turning toward Toph) There are walls all around us. It&#x27;s
      completely safe.

      (Cut to shot of Aang floating toward us, Momo suddenly perks up and Aang
      turns to notice something ahead and smiles. Cut to shot of rapids and a
      tunnel ahead of them. Aang floats into the shot and propels himself down
      the tunnel.)

      Aang: (Shot of Aang speeding down through a water-slide like tunnel. Momo
      is firmly latched on Aangs head as they speed through the twists and
      turns.) Whoo, hey! (The camera pans over to reveal more of the rock water
      slide and Aang whizzing through it. Cut to close shot of Aang still riding
      the water slide tunnel and laughing. Cut to outside shot of a Fire Nation
      Officer 1 lounging on some rocks, fanning himself, while Fire Nation
      Officer 2 uses his sword handle to clean between his toes in the
      foreground.)

      Fire Nation Officer 1: This has got to be t most boring job in the fire
      nation. (Cut to shot of Fire Nation Officer 2 smelling his sword handle.)
      Nothing ever happens. (Fire Nation Officer 2’s face fills with shock.
      Simultaneously, in the background Aang is yelling and falling down a
      waterfall into a basin of water. Officer 2 turns to look toward the
      splash, and then ducks down.)

      (Cut to wide shot of the scene. The two fire nation officers lie on their
      stomachs behinds some rocks near their posts, peeking toward the waterfall
      where Aang just landed. Cut to shot of the waterfall. The shot is a circle
      framed in black, as though someone is looking through a telescope. Aang
      pops out of the water, into view. Momo is still clinging to his head.)

      Aang: (to Momo) Let’s go again! (Momo looks hesitant. Aang air bends out
      of the water springing back up the rocks. The telescope-like camera
      follows his springing motion up the cliff till he disappears over the
      other side. Cut to shot of the two Fire Nation Officers huddled
      cheek-to-cheek, sharing one telescope and shaking with fear. They duck
      back down and face one another.)
      Fire Nation Officer 1: The Avatar&#x27;s alive! We better send a messenger hawk
      to the Fire Lord.

      (Shot of Fire Nation Officer 1 opening a hawk’s cage. The hawk wears a
      Fire Nation Symbol on his chest and steps down on to the Officer’s arm.
      Cut to shot of the back of the hawk. The hawk has a Fire Nation message
      tube strapped to his back. Fire Nation Officer 1 places a sealed scroll of
      parchment into the Hawk’s tube and closes the lid. Cut back to the front
      of the Hawk, the camera zooms out as the hawk flies at the camera and then
      out of the shot.)

      Fire Nation Officer 2: A black ribbon message. (Cut to wide shot of the
      two Officers. Officer two stands up in excitement and the Hawk flies into
      the distance.) This is so exciting!

      (Cut to a wide shot of a black crescent shaped coastline, surrounded by
      green flatland cliffs. The camera pans right. The beach is scattered with
      people and red and yellow beach tents. There are some smaller beach
      bungalows, as well as some larger, more magnificent properties
      interspersed around the cliff face. Cut to shot of a kid holding a skim
      board. He throws it on to the wash and rides toward the camera. Cut to
      shot of Azula, Ty Lee, Zuko and Mai walking along the beach, through
      crowds of beach-goers. Mai and Zuko share an umbrella. Cut to close shot
      of Mai and Zuko. Cut to shot of two young boys building an elaborate sand
      castle. Suddenly, a foot comes down and crushes their castle. Cut to shot
      of Azula looming triumphantly over the caste she has just crushed, Ty Lee
      stands next to her smiling.)

      Young Boys: (Cut to wide shot of the group of teens and the two boys
      scampering away in fear) Ahh! (Azula kicks their sand pale after them)

      (Shot of Ty Lee standing somewhat confused with a large pink beach bag
      over her shoulder. A gawky young fire nation teen boy springs into view.)

      Fire Nation Teen Boy 1: (eager) Hey, you need some help unpacking‌
      Ty Lee: Sure, thanks. (Ty Lee dumps her enormous bag into the teens
      awaiting arms, knocking him to the ground. Cut to shot of Teen Boy 1
      crouched by the bag, unpacking. He quickly throws every item out one at a
      time, lastly pulling out Ty Lee’s pink towel. Cut to wide shot of him
      smiling and laying the towel out with a flourish as Azula looks on in the
      foreground. He hastens to make her towel perfectly straight as Azula turns
      away in jealousy. Cut to shot of Ty Lee from above, squinting into the
      sun.) Could you scooch just a little bit more to the... (Cut to shot of
      Teen Boy 1 standing confused and then quickly moving to block out the sun
      for Ty Lee. Cut back to Ty lee.) Perfect. (She winks)

      (Cut to shot of Mai and Zuko huddled together under an umbrella. A small
      child runs by laughing. Shot of Zuko looking to the side at a seashell,
      which he picks up. Shot of Zuko handing the shell to Mai)

      Zuko: Here... (Bringing the shell toward her) This is for you.
      Mai: Why would I want that‌
      Zuko: I saw it and I thought it was pretty. Don&#x27;t girls like stuff like
      this‌
      Mai: (turns away from him) Maybe stupid girls.
      Zuko: (throws the shell away in anger) Forget it!

      (Cut to shot of shell landing next to a robust Fire Nation Teen boy. Cut
      to wide shot of Fire Nation Teen Boy 2 surveying the beach. The camera
      quickly zooms in on Ty Lee who is still be shaded by Fire Nation Teen Boy
      1. Cut to close up slow motion shot of Ty Lee flipping her hair and
      laughing as sparkles twinkle around her. Cut back to shot of Fire Nation
      Teen 2 gawking stupidly and then blushing and smiling. Cut to shot of Fire
      Nation Teen Boy 1 patiently shading Ty Lee and smiling. Suddenly Fire
      Nation Teen 2 crouches in front of him and presents the Shell discarded by
      Zuko and Mai to Ty Lee.)

      Ty Lee: (Close Shot of Ty Lee taking the Shell) Wow, thanks. This is so
      pretty.
      Fire Nation Teen Boy 2: (Back to shot of Fire Nation Teen 2 crouched in
      front of Fire Nation Teen) Not as pretty as you are. (Fire Nation Teen 1
      looks angry)
      Fire Nation Teen Boy 1: (Fire Nation Teen 1 moves to the side to get a
      closer look at the shell) That shell&#x27;s not so great!
      Ty Lee: (Cut to close shot of Ty Lee with sun in her eyes) Ahem, shade...
      shade!

      (Cut to shot of Mai still sitting under an umbrella, Zuko walks up holding
      two ice-cream cones and joins her under the umbrella.)

      Zuko: (Close shot of the two of them) I thought since it&#x27;s so hot... Here.
      (He hands her an ice cream cone, but the scoop of ice cream falls off the
      cone into Mai’s lap)
      Mai: (She looks down at the ice cream) Thanks. This is really refreshing.

      (The camera points upward at the sky. A Fire Nation girl flies forward
      toward a ball and hits it with her hand. Cut to wide shot of Fire Nation
      teens playing volley ball in a circular court. The camera pans back to
      show Azula looking on in the foreground. Cut to close up shot of Azula’s
      face, she smirks menacingly.)

      Azula: (cut to wide shot of the beach, Azula stands looking at the game,
      Mai and Ty Lee sit under the umbrella behind her. In the background Ty Lee
      is being fanned and worshipped by three Fire Nation Teen Boys) Hey, beach
      bums, we&#x27;re playing next. (The camera zooms in on Ty Lee) Ty lee, get over
      here now!

      (Ty Lee rolls off her towel into a handstand and walks over on her hands,
      smiling. Cut to shot of Zuko, standing up suddenly and throwing off his
      shirt. The wind blows his hair and a flock of birds fly by dramatically in
      the background. Cut to shot of four Fire Nation teen girls cooing,
      giggling and blushing over Zuko, as little pink hearts float upward behind
      them. Cut to a wide shot of the beach and the volleyball players. The
      camera pans left across the scene. Cut to an upward shot of Azula, Mai, Ty
      Lee and Zuko huddled together)

      Azula: See that girl with the silly pigtails‌ (Azula and the others look
      up toward the volleyball players, cut to shot of a pig tailed Fire Nation
      Teen girl kicking the ball around) When she runs towards the ball, there&#x27;s
      just the slightest hesitation of her left foot. I&#x27;m willing to bet a
      childhood injury has weakened her. (Camera Zooms out to show Azula, Mai,
      Ty Lee and Zuko are now playing volleyball as a team on one side of the
      net, the pig tailed girl and her team are on the other side) Keep serving
      the ball to her left and we&#x27;ll destroy her, (cut to close shot of Azula
      looking menacing) and the rest of her team. (Cut to shot of Azula and her
      team huddled together) Dismissed!

      (The camera pans at ground level across the group of volley ball players.
      Cut to Azula who throws the ball up toward the sun and then launches it
      toward the other team, who miss it completely. Zuko slides for the ball
      and kicks it up into the air. Azula runs toward it, spins around and
      smacks it toward the pig-tailed girl. The pig-tailed girl dives but misses
      the ball completely. The ball flies over a crowd of Fire Nation teens and
      lands next to two Fire Nation Teen boys, Ruon Jian and Chan, who now
      notice the game. Cut to shot of Ty Lee zooming through the air toward the
      ball. She kicks it and then lands like a tight ropewalker on the net. Cut
      to shot of the Ruon Jian and Chan looking amused. Cut to Shot of Mai
      running toward the ball and hitting it with her knee. Cut back to Ruon
      Jian and Chan looking even more amused and impressed. Cut to wide shot of
      the court. Azula runs up Zuko’s back, propelling herself into the air,
      kicking the ball with all her power. The ball zooms toward the ground
      catching flame. Cut to wide shot of the beach and the volley ball court.
      The ball lands in a fiery explosion, setting fire to the net.)

      Azula: (Cut to close shot of Azula through the volley ball net, which is
      on fire. She looks sinister. The camera zooms closer and closer) Yes, we
      defeated you for all time! You will never rise from the ashes of your
      shame and humiliation! (Cut to Azula standing with her team, she turns
      casually toward them) Well, that was fun.

      (Azula and her team are joined by Chan and Ruon Jian. They approach Ty
      lee.)

      Chan: I&#x27;m having a party tonight. (Camera turns toward Ruon Jian and Chan)
      You should come by.
      Ty Lee: (turning toward them) Sure...I love parties!

      (Camera cuts back to a close shot of Ruon Jian and Chan.)

      Ruon Jian: (indicating Mai) Your friend can come, too.

      (Cut to shot of Ty Lee smiling innocently. The camera pans out as Azula
      approaches them.)

      Azula: What about me and my brother‌ (Crossing her arms in displeasure)
      Aren&#x27;t you going to invite us‌ (cut to shot of Ruon Jian and Chan, who
      look at one another skeptically) You don&#x27;t know who we are, do you‌
      Chan: Don&#x27;t you know who we are‌ We&#x27;re Chan and Ruon Jian. (Gives a cool
      smile)
      Ruon Jian: Yeah.

      (Cut back to shot of Azula and Ty Lee looking pleased as Zuko walks
      forward, fists clinched angrily. Azula puts her arm out to stop him. The
      camera cuts back to Chan and Ruon Jian.)

      Chan: (with a raised eyebrow) But fine, you&#x27;re invited. Just so you know
      though, some of the most important teenagers in the Fire Nation are gonna
      be at this party so...try and act normal.

      (Cut to close shot of Azula smiling in an evil manner, as her friends
      stand behind her in the background.)

      Azula: We&#x27;ll do our best.

      Act II

      (The scene opens with a quick shot of the Li and Lo’s small beach house
      and dock. It quickly cuts to Lo, Li, Zuko, Azula, Mai and Ty Lee all
      sitting around a hexagonal table on the balcony outside. They are eating
      an elaborate meal.)

      Zuko: Why didn&#x27;t you tell those guys who we were‌
      Azula: I guess I was intrigued. (Cut to shot of Azula sitting next to Ty
      Lee) I&#x27;m so used to people worshipping us.
      Ty Lee: They should.
      Azula: Yes, I know, and I love it! But for once, I just wanted to see how
      people would treat us if they didn&#x27;t know who we were.
      Li and Lo: (The camera pans slowly one of the twins faces) Like waves
      washing away the footprints on the sand, (Shot of Zuko and Mai eating and
      leaning against one another) Ember Island gives everyone a clean slate.
      (Cut to wide shot of the entire scene) Ember Island reveals the true you.
      (The twins both stand up and clap twice. They then raise one arm in
      excitement) To the party!

      (Cut to shot of the Fire Nation messenger hawk flying over a river canyon.
      The camera cuts to show the front of the hawk as a large Raven Eagle moves
      in behind it. Cut to a close shot of the Raven Eagle’s face. The pans out
      and follows the Raven eagle as it swoops down and ties a black ribbon
      around the messenger hawk. The camera cuts to a wide shot of the scene, as
      the hawk plummets toward the ground, and the Raven Eagle flies down after
      it. Cut to a ground shot of the messenger hawk struggling as the Raven
      Eagle removes the scroll tied to it’s back and flies away.

      Cut to a shot of the Raven Eagle landing on a metallic arm, the camera
      pans right to reveal the arm belongs to Combustion Man. He removes the
      scroll from the Raven eagles beak and holds it out in front of him,
      covering the shot with paper. An ember appears in the middle of the paper,
      slowly burning the paper from the middle, outward. Combustion Man’s face
      looks menacingly out through the hole in the burning paper.

      Cut to shot of a large stilted mansion on the Cliffside of Ember Island.
      Cut to a shot of a hand tapping and ornate gold knocker on a large wooden
      door. The door opens to reveal Chan looking displeased.)

      Chan: Um... You&#x27;re a little early. No one&#x27;s here yet.

      (Cut to shot of Azula, Ty Lee, Mai and Zuko standing before Chan’s
      doorway, waiting to be let in.)

      Azula: I heard you telling someone you&#x27;d be partying from dusk till dawn.
      (looks out at the horizon) It&#x27;s dusk so we&#x27;re here.

      (Cuts back to Chan in the doorway)

      Chan: But that&#x27;s just an expression.

      (Cuts back to Azula)

      Azula: We are the perfect party guests. We arrive right on time because we
      are very punctual. (Azula makes a chopping motion with her left hand,
      hitting her right hand as she says ‘punctual’)
      Chan: (Cut back to Chan. He shrugs and gestures for them to come inside.
      Cut to shot of a large entryway, with a large table covered with food at
      the center.) All right, listen, My dad&#x27;s an admiral. He has no idea I&#x27;m
      having this party, (cut to close shot of Chan) so don&#x27;t mess anything up.

      (Cut to shot of Azula looking menacing. The zooms out to show both Azula
      and Chan standing next to one another.)

      Azula: That&#x27;s a sharp outfit, Chan...careful, (close shot of Azula,
      looking intense and somewhat crazy) you could puncture the hull of an
      Empire-Class Fire Nation Battleship, leaving thousands to drown at sea...
      (Azula points at his outfit) because it&#x27;s so sharp.
      Chan: Um... (Chan points less enthusiastically at Azula) Thanks.

      (Shot of Azula with an enthusiastic smile, which quickly turns to a frown
      as Chan walks away. Shot of Ruon Jian combing his hair in a mirror. He
      sees Azula and her company walking by in the background. He turns toward
      them.)

      Ruon Jian: Hey, first ones here, huh‌
      Zuko: (cut to shot of Zuko and Mai walking side by side) Pft. He thinks
      he&#x27;s so great. (to Mai) Well, what do you think of him‌ (they stop
      walking)
      Mai: I don&#x27;t have any opinion about him. I hardly know him.
      Zuko: You like him, don&#x27;t you‌ (Mai sighs and walks away, as Zuko looks
      angrily in the direction of Ruon Jian. The camera zooms in on Ruon Jian)

      (Cut to shot panning upward, over a scene of food and Fire Nation Teens
      talking. Cut to close shot of Fire Nation teen boy 2 talking to Fire
      Nation teen boy 3)

      Fire Nation Teen 2: So how do you know Ty Lee‌
      Fire Nation Teen 3: I met her at the beach today. She was pretty impressed

      by a sand pagoda that I made for her.
      Fire Nation Teen 1: (bursts into the shot) Well, I met her first.

      (Cut to above shot of Ty Lee being cornered by a gaggle of Fire Nation
      Teen boys, eager to impress her)

      Ty Lee: Look, it doesn&#x27;t matter who I met first &#x27;cause I like you all.

      (Cut to shot of Ty Lee’s point of view, as the boys lean in even closer to
      her)

      Fire Nation Teen 2: But which one of us do you like‌
      All: Yeah. Tell us.

      (Cuts back to Ty Lee, who looks confused and gestures for everyone to
      back-off)

      Ty Lee: I don&#x27;t know, I don&#x27;t know.

      (Ty Lee does a series of punches as kicks. Cut to ground shop of the
      huddle of boys, as they slowly fall toward the ground after being knocked
      out by Ty Lee. Ty Lee cartwheels through her newly cleared path. Cut to
      scene of Azula standing angrily in the corner as Ty Lee approaches her.)

      Ty Lee: Oh, I&#x27;m glad you&#x27;re here. Those boys won&#x27;t
      leave me alone. I guess they all just like me too much.

      Azula: Come on, Ty Lee, you can&#x27;t be this ignorant.
      Ty Lee: (Close shot of Ty Lee, confused) What are you talking about‌
      Azula: (Cut back to Azula, leaning coolly against a wooden beam) Those
      boys only like you because you make it so easy for them. You&#x27;re not a
      challenge. You&#x27;re a tease. It&#x27;s not like they actually care who you are.
      (Cut to Ty Lee, bursting into tears. She covers her eyes. Cut to wider
      shot which includes Azula, who grabs Ty Lee’s hands in a comforting
      gesture) Ok, ok, calm down. I didn&#x27;t mean what I said. (Close shot of
      Azula) Look, maybe I just said it because I was a little... (whispers)
      jealous.

      (Cut back to Ty Lee)

      Ty Lee: (surprised) What‌ You were jealous of me‌ (gestures toward
      herself) Um, but, you&#x27;re (gestures toward Azula) the most beautiful,
      smartest, perfect girl in the world.
      Azula: (turns away from Ty Lee) Well, you&#x27;re right about all those things.
      (The camera pans across the room full of teen boys) But for some reason
      when I meet boys they act as if I&#x27;m going to do something horrible to
      them.
      Ty Lee: (laughs) But you probably would do something horrible to them.
      (Azula turns back toward Ty Lee, looking a bit sad) I&#x27;m sure they&#x27;re just
      intimidated by you. Ok, look, if you want a boy to like you just look at
      him (close shot of Ty Lee) and smile a lot and laugh at everything he
      says, even if it&#x27;s not funny.

      (Cut back to Azula)

      Azula: (Looks down) Well, that sounds really shallow and stupid. (Looks up
      grinning) Let&#x27;s try it.

      (Cut to Azula and Ty Lee. Ty Lee leans against a wooden beam, posing
      coolly and pretending to be a boy)

      Ty Lee: Ok. &quot;Hey, there sweet sugar cakes. (points coolly toward Azula)
      How ya likin&#x27; this party‌&quot;
      Azula: (laughs loud and unnaturally, drawing the attention of everyone at
      the party)

      (Cut to close shot of a few teen boys looking bewildered. Cut to shot of
      Mai and Zuko sitting together on a bench. Mai’s arms are crossed and she
      looks displeased.)

      Mai: I&#x27;m bored.

      (Fire Nation Teen Boy walks across the shot, holding a tropical drink.)

      Zuko: I know.
      Mai: I&#x27;m hungry.
      Zuko: So what‌
      Mai: So, find me some food.
      Zuko: Sure. (gets up and walks away)

      (Shot of Chan talking to a Fire Nation teen girl. Azula approaches them)

      Azula: Chan, I&#x27;m ready for a tour of the house.

      (Chan hands his drink to the Fire Nation teen girl and gestures for Azula
      to follow him. Azula places her drink on the same Fire Nation teen girls
      head, The drink starts to steam in the Fire Nation girl’s anger. Cut to
      Chan and Azula walking out on to a balcony.)

      Chan: Is this your first time on Ember Island‌
      Azula: No, I used to come here years ago.
      Chan: (The Camera pans over Azula and Chan leaning on the balcony) It&#x27;s a
      great place if you like sand. (Azula forces and enthusiastic laugh) Yeah,
      it&#x27;s like, (Chan, encouraged, stands up and gestures to the ocean)
      &quot;Welcome to Sandy Land.&quot; (They both laugh. Chan, looking please, comes and
      stands right next to Azula))
      Azula: Your arms look so strong.
      Chan: Yeah, I know. (Flexes, and then kisses Azula. Cut to close shot of
      Chan.) You&#x27;re pretty.

      (Cut to close shot of Azula.)

      Azula: Together, you and I will (camera rotates right as Azula quickly
      stands and raises her arms toward the sky) be the strongest couple in the
      entire world. (The torch behind Azula turns blue and the balcony is filled
      with a menacing blue light) We will dominate the Earth! (Blue fire balls
      burst from Azula’s hands)

      (Cut to Chan who is in complete shock. A bird comically flies behind him
      and a large sweat drop appears on his forehead. He shakes himself out of
      it.)

      Chan: Uh... I gotta go.

      (He smiles awkwardly, and scoots out of the shot. Cut to Chan comically
      scooting his way around the balcony and back in to the party as Azula is
      left alone. Cut to Azula looking confused. Cut to Zuko preparing a plate
      of food. A shot from above shows him walking through the crowd of party
      guests. One of them accidentally knocks his plate to the ground with an
      over- zealous gesture. Cut to shot of food smashing to the ground)

      Zuko: (Shot of Zuko yelling angrily at the boy who accidentally knocked
      the plate) Hey, watch it! That food was for my cranky girlfriend. (Points
      in the direction of Mai)

      (Cut to shot of Ruon Jian leaning over Mai. Zuko rushes toward them
      angrily and pushes Ruon Jian away from her. Cut to shot of Ruon Jian
      straightening his hair.)

      Ruon Jian: Whoa. What are you doing‌
      Zuko: (close-up shot of Zuko, angry) Stop talking to my girlfriend!
      Ruon Jian: (Ruon Jian approaches Zuko) Relax, it&#x27;s just a party. (Zuko
      pushes Ruon Jian hard, sending him flying across the room, breaking a
      giant vase.)
      Mai: (Mai stands up and grabs Zuko’s shoulder. He turns towards her.)
      Zuko, what is wrong with you‌!
      Zuko: What&#x27;s wrong with me‌!
      Mai: (angrily) Your temper&#x27;s out of control. You blow up over every little
      thing. You&#x27;re so impatient and hot-headed and angry.
      Zuko: Well, at least I feel something…as opposed to you. You have no
      passion for anything. (raising his arms is the air) You&#x27;re just a big
      “blah”.
      Mai: (turning away from him) It&#x27;s over, Zuko. We&#x27;re done.

      (Cut to shot of Chan running over to the broken pieces of vase on the
      floor.)

      Chan: Who broke my Nana&#x27;s vase‌ (Ruon Jian points at Zuko. Chan runs over
      to Zuko and gestures for him to leave immediately.) That&#x27;s it, you&#x27;re out
      of here.
      Zuko: (close- up shot of Zuko) I was just leaving.

      (Cut to shot of Zuko walking away. Ruon Jian, Chan and Mai stand in a row
      behind him)

      Ruon Jian: Have fun by yourself, loser boy.
      Chan: (Chan looks at Ruon Jian and smiles) Nice.

      (Cut to shot of Zuko walking out the door alone and slamming it shut
      behind him.)

      Act III

      (The scene opens with a wide shot of Zuko walking down the beach. Cut to a
      closer shot of Zuko’s profile. His head is bent down. Cut to a shot of
      Zuko walking around some rocks and then looking upward. Cut to a shot of a
      large Fire Nation mansion nestled in the mountain face. Close up shot of
      Zuko as looks upward and then heads toward it. He stops and then looks out
      at the sea.

      A flash and a golden scene appears, with a man and two small children
      running happily through a field. A flash and we are back to Zuko staring
      at the sea. He continues his assent.

      Cut to a close up shot of Zuko walking. A flash and another golden scene
      appears. This time it is a close up shot of young Zuko looking happy.
      Someone has their arm around him. Another flash and Zuko is standing
      before the doorway to the mansion.

      He starts toward the doorway. There is flash and again a golden scene of a
      man holding a baby in the air next to a small boy building a sandcastle by
      the sea. Everyone looks happy. Another flash and we see Zuko approaching
      the doors to the mansion. Cut to a close shot of Zuko pulling at the door,
      but it is locked. He kicks it open. In a wide shot the camera pans around
      dusty great room. Zuko walks up another set of stairs and stands before a
      family portrait. Cut to a close up shot of the family portrait of Fire
      Lord Ozai, Ursa, Azula and Zuko sitting together. Cut to a close shot of
      Zukos face and to a close shot of Ozai’s face in the portrait. The camera
      pans down the painting to young Zuko, who sits at his father’s side.

      A flash and a golden scene of young zuko looking out at the sea, with his
      father’s arm on his sholder. Another flash and a quick shot back to
      present day Zuko. Cut to the Portrait. The camera pans over it and rests
      on Ursa’s face. Another flash and a golden scene of Ursa happily playing
      with a baby Zuko. Another flash and a shot of present day Zuko walks
      toward us. Cut to a shot of his hand picking up a circular piece of
      concrete with a babies hand stamped in it. Zuko puts his own adult hand on
      top of the small print. Cut to wide shot of Zuko standing alone in the
      great hall.

      Cut to a wide shot of a crater filled with water. Cut to a closer shot of
      Appa, Aang, Toph, Sokka and Katara sleeping near the water. Cut to a close
      up shot of Combustion Man’s metallic boots stomping nearby. Cut back to a
      close shot of Toph with Momo under her arm. Both of them are fast asleep.
      Toph’s eyes suddenly open, waking up Momo. Cut to wide shot of Toph
      sitting up, her companions waking up behind her.

      Toph: Guys, you&#x27;re all gonna think I&#x27;m crazy, but it feels like a metal
      man is coming.

      (Cut to shot of Aang looking sleepy. Suddenly, a bright light shines in
      his eye, making hims squint. He rubs his eye and looks toward the light
      source. Cut to a wide shot showing the light source is coming from
      Combustion Man, who stands at the top of the crater’s cliff. Cut to a
      close up shot of combustion man’s metal arm, which is causing moonlight to
      reflect toward Aang. Cut to an above shot of Combustion Man and the gang
      below. Cut to a close shot of Combustion Man’s fore head tattoo. Next a
      wider shot of Combustion Man’s whole face. He growls and breathes inward.

      Cut to a shot of Aang, looking scared and running forward. Cut to a close
      shot of Combustion Man’s stomach, sucking inward as he breathes in deeply.
      Cut to a close shot of a beam of some sort comes out of Combustion Man’s
      forehead. A wide shot shows the beam headed straight toward Aang. It hits
      a nearby cliff and explodes.

      Aang and the others are blown backward in the explosion. Toph steadies
      herself and in a wide shot is shown bending a large herd of rocks toward
      Combustion Man. Combustion Man shoots another beam destroying the rocks
      and creating an explosion right in front of Toph. Katara attempts to stop
      his next explosion with water bending, but her efforts are turned into a
      cloud of steam. Appa roars. Cut to shot of Combustion Man standing in the
      great steam cloud.

      Cut to wide shot of the Mansion on Ember Island. Cut to shot of Azula,
      approaching the mansion. Zuko is sitting on the steps holding his
      childhood handprint.)

      Azula: I thought I&#x27;d find you here.

      (Cut to shot of Zuko’s profile looking at his small handprint, Azula
      stands in the background)

      Zuko: Those summers we spent here seem so long ago. So much has changed.
      Azula: (she gestures down the steps) Come down to the beach with me. (she
      starts down the steps) Come on, this place is depressing.

      (Zuko follows her and the camera pans down to the handprint, left alone on
      the porch. Cut to wide view of the camera panning down Ember Island Beach.
      Zuko and Azula are walking side by side toward Mai and Ty Lee. Close shot
      of Zuko looking toward Mai and then looking away. Close shot of Mai
      looking angry and a bit sad.)

      Mai: Hey… (Interrupted)
      Zuko: (close shot of Zuko) Where&#x27;s your new boyfriend‌ (Mai turns away
      angrily. Zuko comes and sits next to her) Are you cold‌ (he puts his arm
      around her, but she slaps it away)
      Ty Lee: I&#x27;m freezing.
      Zuko: (close shot of Zuko smiling) I&#x27;ll make a fire. (The camera pans
      upward toward the cliffside and then the mansion) There&#x27;s plenty of stuff
      to burn in there.

      (Cut to close-up shot of Combustion Man’s forehead. He growls and the
      camera zooms out to a full body shot, as he shoots another beam from his
      forehead. Cut to a shot of the beam flying through a cloud of steam toward
      some rocks and exploding.

      Cut to the Aang and his friends hiding behind a rock, crouched and
      covering their heads for the explosion. They sit back up.

      Sokka: This is crazy! How can we beat a guy who blows things up with his
      mind‌
      Aang: (Aang crawls forward) We can. Jump on Appa. I&#x27;ll try to distract
      him.

      (Aang runs into the cloud of steam and disappears. The camera pans upward
      and Aang emerges from the top of the cloud and springs up the cliff face.
      Another beam explodes next to Aang. Cut to a shot of Aang jumping down the
      other side of the cliff, the orange cloud from the explosion still behind
      him. Aang slides down the back of the cliff into a field full of rock
      pillars.

      Cut to a shot of Combustion Man running. Cut back to Aang running through
      the pillars. He chooses one and hides behind it. Combustion Man slides
      down the back of the cliff face toward Aang. Cut to a shot of Aang
      breathing hard, his back to a pillar. The camera pans right as he peeks
      around the pillar and sees Combustion Man. Combustion Man sees him and
      stops. He shoots a beam toward Aang. Cut to an above shot. Aang’s pillar
      explodes. He runs toward another one but it also explodes. Cut to another
      shot of the field of pillars. Aang bounces from pillar to pillar, stopping
      behind one. He earth bends the pillar toward Combustion Man, but it
      explodes before hitting him. Another beam is directed toward Aang. In slow
      motion he bends a wall of air around the explosion and is sent flying
      backward. Cut to a shot of Aang flying through the night sky. He turns and
      punches through an on-coming pillar of rocks.

      Cut to a wide shot of Combustion man running though the field of pillars.
      He stops where Aang should have landed and looks around. Cut to a close
      shot of Combustion Man’s forehead. Combustion Man walks by a pillar of
      rocks. The camera zooms in to reveal Aang is hiding inside the wall of
      rocks, with only his eyes visible. Combustion Man stops and takes another
      look at Aang pillar. Aang burtst through covered in rock armor. Cut to
      wide shot of an explosion and Aang is sent flying into the air. As he
      falls back downward toward the earth, Appa flies into the shot and picks
      up Aang. Cut to shot of everyone on Appas back. Katara holds Aang
      tightly.)

      Aang: (out of breath) I&#x27;m ok. (Momo jumps on to Aang’s back)
      Toph: Well, that was random.
      Katara: I don&#x27;t think so. I get the feeling he knows who we are. (looks at
      Aang)

      (Cut to close shot of a fire. Zuko’s family portrait is thrown into the
      flames. The camera closes in on young Zukos picture as it burns to ashes.
      Cut to shot of Zuko standing over the fire as Ty lee sits nearby.)

      Ty Lee: What are you doing‌
      Zuko: What does it look like I&#x27;m doing‌

      (Cut to above shot of Zuko’s legs next to the fire and the burning family
      portrait. The camera pans upward.)

      Ty Lee: But it&#x27;s a painting of your family.
      Zuko: You think I care‌
      Ty Lee: (voice over) I think you do.
      Zuko: You don&#x27;t know me, so why don&#x27;t you just mind your own business! (He
      turns away from her)
      Ty Lee: (Close shot of Ty Lee, who looks down and speaks softly) I know
      you.

      (Cut back to shot of Zuko and Ty Lee by the fire)

      Zuko: No, you don&#x27;t. (he waves his arm angrily) You&#x27;re stuck in your
      little Ty Lee world Where everything&#x27;s great all the time.

      (Cut to shot of Mai sitting on a rock near the fire. Zuko looks toward
      her)

      Mai: Zuko, leave her alone.
      Zuko: (mocking) ‘I&#x27;m so pretty, look at me. I can walk on my hands, whoo!’
      (Zuko does a hand stand. Cut to shot of Ty Lee looking sad. Cut back to
      Zuko who is upside down. He lets himself fall to the sand) Circus freak!

      (Cut to shot of Ty Lee beginning to cry and Azula sits in the background)

      Azula: (laughs)
      Ty Lee: Yes, I&#x27;m a circus freak. Go ahead and laugh all you want.
      (gestures toward Azula, who looks away) You wanna know why I joined the
      circus‌
      Azula: Here we go.

      (Cut to an above shot of the four teens around the fire)

      Ty Lee: Do you have any idea what my home life was like, growing up with
      six sisters (cut to shot of Ty Lee) who look exactly like me‌ (she stands
      up) It was like, I didn&#x27;t even have my own name. (she falls to the ground
      crying) I joined the circus because I was scared of spending the rest of
      my life as part of a matched set. At least, I&#x27;m different now. (close shot
      of teary-eyed Ty Lee) Circus freak is a compliment!
      Mai: (sarcastically) Guess that explains why you need 10 boyfriends, too.

      (Cut to shot of Ty Lee looking angrily toward Mai and putting her hands on
      her hips)

      Ty Lee: I&#x27;m sorry, what‌
      Mai: Attention issues. You couldn&#x27;t get enough attention when you were a
      kid, so (looking downward) you&#x27;re trying to make up for it now.

      (Cut to shot of Ty Lee, who moves closer and closer to Mai with each
      accusation)

      Ty Lee: Well, what&#x27;s your excuse, Mai‌ You were an only child for 15
      years, but even with all that attention, your aura is this dingy, pasty,
      gray...

      (Cut to shot of Mai and Ty lee)

      Mai: I don&#x27;t believe in auras.

      (The camera pans right, towards Zuko. Zuko stands up)

      Zuko: Yeah, you don&#x27;t believe in anything.

      (Cut to close shot of Mai who looks depressed)

      Mai: Oh, well, I&#x27;m sorry I can&#x27;t be as high-strung and crazy as the rest
      of you.

      (Cut to over-head shot of the four teens. Zuko walks closer to the fire
      and Mai.)

      Zuko: I&#x27;m sorry, too. I wish you would be high-strung and crazy for once,
      (Close shot of Mai looking away and Zuko standing over her) instead of
      keeping all your feelings bottled up inside. She just called your aura
      dingy. Are you gonna take that‌
      Mai: (Cut to wide shot of the four of them. Mai lays back carelessly on
      the rock she is sitting on) What do you want from me‌ You want a teary
      confession about how hard my childhood was‌ Well, it wasn&#x27;t. (close shot
      of Mai) I was a rich only child who got anything I wanted. As long as I
      behaved...(cut to shot of the clouds above) and sat still…and didn&#x27;t speak
      unless spoken to. (cut to shot of Zuko listening) My mother said I had to
      keep out of trouble. (Cut to wide shot of the four of them around the
      fire) We had my Dad&#x27;s political career to think about.
      Azula: Well, that&#x27;s it, then. (close-up shot on Azula) You had a
      controlling mother who had certain expectations, and if you strayed from
      them you were shut down. That&#x27;s why you&#x27;re afraid to care about anything,
      and why you can&#x27;t express yourself.
      Mai: (close shot of Mai) You want me to express myself‌ (she stands and
      yells) Leave me alone!

      (The camera pans right, over the four teens. Cut to shot of Mai’s face
      angry in the foreground and Zuko in the background)

      Zuko: I like it when you express yourself. (he reaches for her, but she
      backs away)
      Mai: (yelling) Don&#x27;t touch me. I&#x27;m still mad at you.
      Zuko: My life hasn&#x27;t been that easy, either, Mai. (Mai interrupts him)
      Mai: Whatever- that doesn&#x27;t excuse the way you&#x27;ve been acting.
      Ty Lee: Calm down, you guys. (cut to Ty Lee and Azula sitting behind her)
      This much negative energy is bad for your skin. You’ll totally break out.
      Zuko: (angrily) Bad skin‌ (Ty Lee cringes. Cut to shot of Zuko looking
      toward her) Normal teenagers worry about bad skin. I don&#x27;t have that
      luxury. My father decided to teach me a permanent lesson on my face. (Zuko
      points toward his scar)

      (Cut to shot of Azula, Zuko and Ty Lee)

      Ty Lee: Sorry, Zuko, I...

      (Zuko walks away from them and the camera follows him)

      Zuko: For so long, I thought that if my dad accepted me, I&#x27;d be happy. I&#x27;m
      back home, now my dad talks to me. Huh, he even thinks I&#x27;m a hero. (cut to
      Azula, who smiles at these words) Everything should be perfect, right‌
      (cut to over-head wide shot of the four teens sitting around the fire) I
      should be happy now, but I&#x27;m not. I&#x27;m angrier than ever and I don&#x27;t know
      why.
      Azula: There&#x27;s a simple question you need to answer then. (she leans
      forward) Who are you angry at‌
      Zuko: No one, (he looks down) I&#x27;m just angry.
      Mai: Yeah, who are you angry at, Zuko‌
      Zuko: Everyone... (he covers his ears in frustration) I don&#x27;t know.
      Azula: Is it Dad‌
      Zuko: No, no!
      Ty Lee: Your uncle‌
      Azula: Me‌

      (Cut back to shot of Zuko who shakes his head in frustration)

      Zuko: No, no... No, no.
      Mai: Then who‌ Who are you angry at‌

      (The camera quickly pans right, stopping on Azula)

      Azula: (sternly) Answer the question, Zuko.
      Ty lee: (pleading) Talk to us.

      (Cut to shot of Zuko looking confused and frightened)

      Mai: Come on, answer the question.
      Azula: Come on, answer it.

      (Cut to wide shot of group. For a moment there is silence)

      Zuko: (yells suddenly) I&#x27;m angry at myself!

      (Zuko throws his arms down and the campfire bursts into a column of flame.
      The girls cover their eyes to protect themselves from the fire. Cut to a
      close shot of Zuko as wind and embers fly through his blowing hair. The
      fire burns out and the scene grows dark. Cut to a wide shot of the group)

      Azula: Why‌

      (Cut to shot of Zuko looking out at the sea with Azula sitting behind him)

      Zuko: Because I&#x27;m confused. Because I&#x27;m not sure I know the difference
      between right and wrong anymore.
      Azula: You&#x27;re pathetic.

      (Cut to shot of Zuko. His back is turned toward us as he looks out to sea.
      Mai approaches him and puts her arm around him.)

      Mai: I know one thing I care about... (Cut to shot of Mai smiling at Zuko)
      I care about you. (Mai and Zuko kiss. Azula claps, causing them to
      separate and turn toward Azula. The camera pans left to include her.)

      Azula: (still clapping slowly) Well, those were wonderful performances,
      everyone.
      Zuko: I guess you wouldn&#x27;t understand, (pulls Mai to him) would you,
      Azula‌ (sarcastically) Because you&#x27;re just so perfect.
      Azula: Well, yes, I guess you&#x27;re right. I don&#x27;t have sob stories like all
      of you. I could sit here and complain how our mom liked Zuko more than me,
      but I don&#x27;t really care. (Cut to shot of the burning embers left from the
      fire) My own mother...(cut to shot of the embers reflected in Azula’s
      eyes) thought I was a monster. (cut to Mai and Zuko. Then to Ty Lee, who
      looks on concerned. Cut back to a wide shot of the whole group, Azula
      sitting in the center of the shot) She was right, of course, but it still
      hurt.
      Ty Lee: What Lo and Li said came true. The beach did help us learn about
      ourselves. (Cut to close shot of Ty Lee. She picks up a smooth stone) I
      feel all smoothed. I&#x27;ll always remember this.

      (Cut back to wide shot of the group.)

      Azula: You know what would make this trip really memorable‌ (Close shot of
      Azula looking devious)

      (Cut to shot of Chan opening the door of his house. The party is still
      going on behind him. He looks very confused. Cut to Azula and her
      companions waiting to be let in.)

      Azula: We&#x27;ve got some bad news, Chan.

      (The camera zooms in on Zuko’s face as he turns toward Chan.)

      Zuko: Party&#x27;s over.

      (Cut to an antique vase smashing on the floor. Cut to Zuko kicking a table
      full of food in half as party-goers run away screaming. Close shot of Chan
      full of fear. Cut to Mai who throws a knife down a wall cutting five
      tapestries in half. Cut back to Chan who is still in shock and looks up
      suddenly. The camera pans upwards to where Ty Lee is crouched in the
      rafters. She swings down and pulls down two chandeliers which come
      crashing to the floor. Cut to shot of Chan sobbing with Azula standing
      behind him. Her arms crossed and she looks pleased. Cut to a final blurred
      shot of Azula, Ty Lee, Mai and Zuko linked arm in arm very pleased with
      themselves. A wall of flame right behind them.)

      [End Credits]
</pre></td>
      <td><pre class="script">
第五回
海滩

27
00:01:26,217 --&gt; 00:01:29,353
能在余烬岛上过周末真是太赞了

28
00:01:29,454 --&gt; 00:01:32,656
可以在沙滩上闲逛，懒洋洋的过上一天

29
00:01:32,757 --&gt; 00:01:34,458
什么也不干简直就是在浪费时间

30
00:01:34,559 --&gt; 00:01:36,727
我们居然被迫出来度假

31
00:01:36,828 --&gt; 00:01:37,961
竟然还拿咱们当小孩

32
00:01:38,062 --&gt; 00:01:39,363
放松点

33
00:01:39,464 --&gt; 00:01:41,031
父皇想和军机大臣们单独议事

34
00:01:41,132 --&gt; 00:01:42,833
不想有其他人打扰

35
00:01:42,934 --&gt; 00:01:44,334
你不要太在意

36
00:01:44,435 --&gt; 00:01:47,404
皇家在余烬岛上有行宫吗？

37
00:01:47,505 --&gt; 00:01:49,439
小时候我们每年夏天都来这儿避暑

38
00:01:49,540 --&gt; 00:01:51,141
肯定很有趣吧

39
00:01:51,242 --&gt; 00:01:53,977
那可是很久以前的事了

40
00:02:05,056 --&gt; 00:02:08,725
孩子们，欢迎驾临余烬岛

41
00:02:20,204 --&gt; 00:02:22,372
屋里怎么有股老太太身上的味道

42
00:02:22,473 --&gt; 00:02:24,274
是啊，我也纳闷来着

43
00:02:25,600 --&gt; 00:02:27,807
这画中的两位美女是谁啊？

44
00:02:27,807 --&gt; 00:02:30,300
看不出来吗？

45
00:02:30,300 --&gt; 00:02:33,950
-是丽和我呀        -是露和我啊

46
00:02:34,052 --&gt; 00:02:37,421
噢，我好喜欢这个海贝床单啊

47
00:02:37,522 --&gt; 00:02:38,855
你不是认真的吧？

48
00:02:38,956 --&gt; 00:02:41,224
那上面的东西就好像海滩的呕吐物一样

49
00:02:41,325 --&gt; 00:02:43,360
你们被迫来岛上

50
00:02:43,461 --&gt; 00:02:46,329
度周末，一定很失望吧

51
00:02:46,431 --&gt; 00:02:49,433
不过余烬岛可是个神奇的地方

52
00:02:49,500 --&gt; 00:02:51,401
打开你们的心扉

53
00:02:51,469 --&gt; 00:02:53,603
给它一个机会

54
00:02:53,705 --&gt; 00:02:57,307
它会帮你们认清自己
更可让你们之间增进了解

55
00:02:58,910 --&gt; 00:03:00,812
海滩自有它的办法

56
00:03:00,913 --&gt; 00:03:04,281
可以抚平任何粗糙的棱角

57
00:03:06,851 --&gt; 00:03:09,653
咱们这就向海滩进发吧

58
00:03:13,391 --&gt; 00:03:15,292
安昂，我知道游泳很有趣

59
00:03:15,393 --&gt; 00:03:18,095
但是你也不用如此暴露啊

60
00:03:18,196 --&gt; 00:03:18,995
遮上点

61
00:03:19,097 --&gt; 00:03:20,130
你说啥？

62
00:03:20,231 --&gt; 00:03:22,032
我穿着短裤呢

63
00:03:22,133 --&gt; 00:03:23,734
我知道，不过你就不怕身上的纹身...

64
00:03:23,835 --&gt; 00:03:25,469
...让别人看见吗？

65
00:03:25,570 --&gt; 00:03:27,204
这周围都是天然的屏障

66
00:03:27,305 --&gt; 00:03:28,538
相当安全了

67
00:03:41,586 --&gt; 00:03:45,856
咱们干的简直是烈火国最无聊的差事了

68
00:03:45,923 --&gt; 00:03:46,890
为啥总是风平浪静呢？

69
00:03:53,064 --&gt; 00:03:54,965
咱们再滑一遍吧

70
00:04:00,672 --&gt; 00:04:02,572
降世神通还活着

71
00:04:02,674 --&gt; 00:04:05,208
赶快放信鹰向烈火王报信

72
00:04:12,216 --&gt; 00:04:13,817
黑缎信终于派上用场了

73
00:04:13,918 --&gt; 00:04:15,952
真是太激动了

74
00:04:36,474 --&gt; 00:04:39,643
嘿，需要我帮忙打开行李吗？

75
00:04:39,744 --&gt; 00:04:42,312
当然，谢啦

76
00:04:52,990 --&gt; 00:04:56,760
你能稍微往旁边点吗，帮我...

77
00:04:56,861 --&gt; 00:04:58,562
真有眼力见

78
00:05:00,631 --&gt; 00:05:02,899
我说

79
00:05:03,001 --&gt; 00:05:04,434
这个送给你

80
00:05:04,535 --&gt; 00:05:06,370
我干嘛要那种东西

81
00:05:06,471 --&gt; 00:05:08,171
我发现它挺漂亮的

82
00:05:08,272 --&gt; 00:05:09,973
女孩不是都喜欢这种东西的吗？

83
00:05:10,074 --&gt; 00:05:12,342
只有傻妞才会喜欢

84
00:05:12,443 --&gt; 00:05:13,276
算了！

85
00:05:23,087 --&gt; 00:05:25,088
哇哦，谢啦

86
00:05:25,189 --&gt; 00:05:26,857
这个好漂亮啊

87
00:05:26,958 --&gt; 00:05:28,492
再漂亮也不及你啊

88
00:05:28,593 --&gt; 00:05:30,560
那破贝壳有什么好

89
00:05:30,661 --&gt; 00:05:33,230
晒到我了，晒到我了

90
00:05:35,933 --&gt; 00:05:38,635
我心思这天这么热...给你

91
00:05:40,338 --&gt; 00:05:41,605
我谢你啊

92
00:05:41,706 --&gt; 00:05:44,241
这还真够提神的

93
00:05:49,213 --&gt; 00:05:51,615
嘿，懒虫们，下局该咱们上场了

94
00:05:51,716 --&gt; 00:05:54,184
泰丽，赶快过来

95
00:06:09,067 --&gt; 00:06:11,134
看见那个梳猪尾巴的丫头了吗？

96
00:06:11,235 --&gt; 00:06:13,270
注意看她带球的动作

97
00:06:13,371 --&gt; 00:06:14,971
可以看出她出左脚时有轻微的迟疑

98
00:06:15,073 --&gt; 00:06:17,808
肯定是小时候受伤落下的毛病

99
00:06:17,909 --&gt; 00:06:20,444
用球攻她的左路，先撂倒她

100
00:06:20,545 --&gt; 00:06:21,912
其他人就不在话下了

101
00:06:22,013 --&gt; 00:06:24,081
解散

102
00:06:56,014 --&gt; 00:06:59,049
没错，我们是永远的胜者

103
00:06:59,150 --&gt; 00:07:02,552
在你们的羞愧和耻辱中苟活一世吧

104
00:07:02,653 --&gt; 00:07:05,922
这才叫带劲呢

105
00:07:06,024 --&gt; 00:07:07,758
今晚我们要开个派对

106
00:07:07,859 --&gt; 00:07:09,126
你也一道来吧

107
00:07:09,227 --&gt; 00:07:09,893
好啊

108
00:07:09,994 --&gt; 00:07:11,261
我最爱派对了

109
00:07:11,362 --&gt; 00:07:12,729
也叫上你的朋友吧

110
00:07:12,830 --&gt; 00:07:15,999
呃，我们兄妹俩也可以去吗？

111
00:07:16,100 --&gt; 00:07:17,434
为什么不邀请我们？

112
00:07:17,535 --&gt; 00:07:20,570
你们肯定不知道我们是谁吧

113
00:07:20,672 --&gt; 00:07:22,673
那你们又知道我们是谁吗？

114
00:07:22,774 --&gt; 00:07:24,675
我们是 陈 和 鸾将

115
00:07:27,879 --&gt; 00:07:29,880
好吧，你们也来吧

116
00:07:29,981 --&gt; 00:07:31,548
不过得给你们打个预防针

117
00:07:31,649 --&gt; 00:07:33,583
今晚过来参加派对的可都是

118
00:07:33,685 --&gt; 00:07:35,452
火宗的青年才俊

119
00:07:35,553 --&gt; 00:07:36,653
你们最好规矩点

120
00:07:36,754 --&gt; 00:07:38,588
我们会尽力表现的

121
00:07:43,393 --&gt; 00:07:45,694
你为什么不向那些家伙表明身份？

122
00:07:45,795 --&gt; 00:07:47,596
我只是想换换胃口

123
00:07:47,697 --&gt; 00:07:49,765
过去被别人崇敬惯了

124
00:07:49,866 --&gt; 00:07:50,866
那是应该的

125
00:07:50,967 --&gt; 00:07:53,235
没错，我知道，也喜欢那种感觉

126
00:07:53,336 --&gt; 00:07:54,903
不过我很好奇

127
00:07:55,004 --&gt; 00:07:57,573
当他们不了解我们身份时会怎么对待我们

128
00:07:57,674 --&gt; 00:07:59,775
就像海浪冲走沙滩上的足印一样

129
00:07:59,876 --&gt; 00:08:02,110
就像海浪冲走沙滩上的足印一样

130
00:08:02,212 --&gt; 00:08:06,081
余烬岛会给每个人一块光亮的石板

131
00:08:06,182 --&gt; 00:08:09,418
通过它可以看见真实的自己

132
00:08:11,688 --&gt; 00:08:13,622
向派对进发

133
00:08:58,768 --&gt; 00:09:00,669
嗯，你们来的有点早

134
00:09:00,770 --&gt; 00:09:02,104
别人还都没来呢

135
00:09:02,205 --&gt; 00:09:03,505
我听你跟别人说

136
00:09:03,606 --&gt; 00:09:05,240
派对将会从黄昏持续至黎明

137
00:09:05,341 --&gt; 00:09:07,643
这不都黄昏了吗，所以们来了

138
00:09:07,744 --&gt; 00:09:10,512
我只是说说而已

139
00:09:10,613 --&gt; 00:09:12,481
我们肯定是这次最棒的客人

140
00:09:12,582 --&gt; 00:09:15,184
你看我们多么的守时啊

141
00:09:20,056 --&gt; 00:09:21,623
好吧，那听好了，我老爸是海军上将

142
00:09:21,724 --&gt; 00:09:23,091
他对这个派对一无所知

143
00:09:23,193 --&gt; 00:09:25,427
所以千万小心别搞砸了

144
00:09:26,629 --&gt; 00:09:30,332
陈，你这身装备好锋利啊，小心啊

145
00:09:30,433 --&gt; 00:09:34,203
你可以轻而易举的刺穿顶级火宗舰船的外壳

146
00:09:34,304 --&gt; 00:09:36,638
让上千船员丧生汪洋

147
00:09:36,739 --&gt; 00:09:40,375
真是太锋利了

148
00:09:40,476 --&gt; 00:09:44,046
嗯，多谢夸奖

149
00:09:48,952 --&gt; 00:09:52,821
嘿，你们可是第一批客人啊

150
00:09:52,922 --&gt; 00:09:56,325
他在那儿自觉不错呢

151
00:09:56,426 --&gt; 00:09:58,794
你觉得他怎么样？

152
00:09:58,895 --&gt; 00:10:00,596
我对他可没什么看法

153
00:10:00,697 --&gt; 00:10:02,097
我都不认识他

154
00:10:02,198 --&gt; 00:10:05,000
你喜欢他，对吧？

155
00:10:11,174 --&gt; 00:10:13,208
你是怎么认识泰丽的？

156
00:10:13,309 --&gt; 00:10:14,543
我们那天在海滩认识的

157
00:10:14,577 --&gt; 00:10:17,513
我给他建了座砂塔，她超喜欢

158
00:10:17,614 --&gt; 00:10:20,749
是我先遇见她的

159
00:10:20,850 --&gt; 00:10:24,386
听我说，我先遇见谁并不重要
因为你们我都很喜欢

160
00:10:24,487 --&gt; 00:10:26,522
但是我们当中你更喜欢哪个？

161
00:10:26,623 --&gt; 00:10:28,423
是啊，快告诉我们

162
00:10:28,525 --&gt; 00:10:30,726
我不知道，我不知道

163
00:10:35,932 --&gt; 00:10:37,666
哦，你在这儿真是太好了

164
00:10:37,767 --&gt; 00:10:39,735
那些小子总是缠着我

165
00:10:39,836 --&gt; 00:10:41,770
他们可能都太喜欢我了

166
00:10:41,871 --&gt; 00:10:45,040
得了吧，泰丽，你怎么这么天真呢

167
00:10:45,141 --&gt; 00:10:46,742
此言怎讲啊？

168
00:10:46,809 --&gt; 00:10:50,012
这些小子喜欢你是因为你太好追了

169
00:10:50,113 --&gt; 00:10:52,181
一点挑战性都没有，你被他们玩弄了

170
00:10:52,282 --&gt; 00:10:54,750
他们其实根本就不关心你

171
00:10:56,686 --&gt; 00:10:59,425
好了，好了，别哭了

172
00:10:59,425 --&gt; 00:11:02,624
我不是那个意思

173
00:11:02,725 --&gt; 00:11:04,860
我那么说可能是因为我有点...

174
00:11:04,961 --&gt; 00:11:05,827
嫉妒你

175
00:11:05,929 --&gt; 00:11:07,696
啥？

176
00:11:07,797 --&gt; 00:11:09,231
你怎么会嫉妒我？

177
00:11:09,332 --&gt; 00:11:13,735
嗯，你可是世上最美丽，最聪慧，最完美的女孩

178
00:11:13,837 --&gt; 00:11:15,204
那个，你说的倒是没错啦

179
00:11:15,305 --&gt; 00:11:17,172
不过不知怎的，我看上的那些男孩

180
00:11:17,273 --&gt; 00:11:19,508
见到我时都像是见到鬼一样

181
00:11:19,609 --&gt; 00:11:23,011
相比鬼来说，他们可能会更怕你

182
00:11:23,112 --&gt; 00:11:26,582
他们可能是被你吓到了

183
00:11:26,683 --&gt; 00:11:29,151
好吧，听着，想让男孩喜欢你的话

184
00:11:29,252 --&gt; 00:11:30,953
只要看着他们，保持微笑就行了

185
00:11:31,054 --&gt; 00:11:33,856
即便是他们讲的笑话不怎么可乐，你也要笑

186
00:11:33,957 --&gt; 00:11:38,527
只有肤浅的蠢妞才会那么做吧

187
00:11:38,628 --&gt; 00:11:39,661
那咱们就试试吧

188
00:11:39,762 --&gt; 00:11:41,063
好的

189
00:11:41,164 --&gt; 00:11:43,398
嘿，好啊，小甜心

190
00:11:43,500 --&gt; 00:11:45,701
喜欢这个派对吗？

191
00:11:49,706 --&gt; 00:11:52,808
-好无聊啊    -我知道

192
00:11:52,909 --&gt; 00:11:55,410
-我饿了     -那又怎么样？

193
00:11:55,512 --&gt; 00:11:57,379
给我拿点吃的来吧

194
00:11:57,480 --&gt; 00:11:58,814
遵命

195
00:12:01,551 --&gt; 00:12:04,586
陈，介意带我四处参观一下吗

196
00:12:08,157 --&gt; 00:12:10,993
你是第一次来余烬岛吗？

197
00:12:11,094 --&gt; 00:12:13,428
不是，多年前经常来这儿玩

198
00:12:13,530 --&gt; 00:12:16,231
喜欢沙子的话，这里可是好去处

199
00:12:18,868 --&gt; 00:12:22,804
没错，“欢迎来到砂之国”

200
00:12:27,677 --&gt; 00:12:31,313
你的臂膀好强壮啊

201
00:12:31,414 --&gt; 00:12:34,082
是啊，没错

202
00:12:37,287 --&gt; 00:12:38,554
你真美

203
00:12:38,655 --&gt; 00:12:41,323
哎呀妈呀，你别说啊，咱俩要是结婚了

204
00:12:41,424 --&gt; 00:12:44,059
那一定是这世上最强壮的夫妻

205
00:12:44,160 --&gt; 00:12:46,061
世界将臣服于俺俩的脚下

206
00:12:50,066 --&gt; 00:12:53,869
呃...我得离开一下

207
00:13:04,247 --&gt; 00:13:06,148
嘿，你看着点啊

208
00:13:06,249 --&gt; 00:13:08,383
这吃个是给我的刁蛮女友的

209
00:13:16,392 --&gt; 00:13:17,359
你要干嘛？

210
00:13:17,460 --&gt; 00:13:19,394
离我女朋友远点

211
00:13:19,495 --&gt; 00:13:21,763
放轻松，我们只是随便聊聊

212
00:13:24,267 --&gt; 00:13:27,035
祖寇，你发什么疯啊？

213
00:13:27,136 --&gt; 00:13:28,670
你还说我？

214
00:13:28,771 --&gt; 00:13:30,405
你简直是不可理喻

215
00:13:30,507 --&gt; 00:13:32,374
无论什么是你都看不顺眼

216
00:13:32,475 --&gt; 00:13:35,310
你做事毫不耐心，头脑发热，胡乱发火

217
00:13:35,411 --&gt; 00:13:38,247
是吗，至少我不会像你那样

218
00:13:38,348 --&gt; 00:13:39,848
做什么事都打不起精神

219
00:13:39,949 --&gt; 00:13:42,651
简直就是无聊透顶

220
00:13:42,752 --&gt; 00:13:44,953
够了，祖寇

221
00:13:45,054 --&gt; 00:13:46,722
咱俩分手吧

222
00:13:46,789 --&gt; 00:13:49,358
谁把我奶奶的花瓶给打碎了？

223
00:13:50,793 --&gt; 00:13:52,327
快走，这里不再欢迎你了

224
00:13:52,428 --&gt; 00:13:53,962
我正要走呢

225
00:13:54,063 --&gt; 00:13:56,832
你自己玩去吧，衰人

226
00:13:56,933 --&gt; 00:13:58,700
说的好

227
00:15:25,786 --&gt; 00:15:27,854
伙计们，你们肯定不会相信的

228
00:15:27,955 --&gt; 00:15:30,489
好像有个金属人朝咱们这儿来了

229
00:16:16,303 --&gt; 00:16:17,637
我就知道在这儿能找到你

230
00:16:17,738 --&gt; 00:16:21,974
小时候咱们在这儿待了好几个夏天

231
00:16:22,076 --&gt; 00:16:24,477
真是时过境迁啊

232
00:16:24,578 --&gt; 00:16:25,912
跟我去沙滩走走吧

233
00:16:26,013 --&gt; 00:16:29,215
走吧，这个地方太伤感了

234
00:16:42,096 --&gt; 00:16:44,230
你的新男友没一起来吗？

235
00:16:47,568 --&gt; 00:16:49,635
你冷不冷？

236
00:16:49,737 --&gt; 00:16:52,372
我都冻僵了

237
00:16:52,473 --&gt; 00:16:54,007
我来生火

238
00:16:54,108 --&gt; 00:16:57,710
那有好多东西可以用来烧火

239
00:17:01,615 --&gt; 00:17:03,082
俺的天哪

240
00:17:03,183 --&gt; 00:17:05,852
那家伙光用头就可以把东西炸上天，咱们肯定打不过

241
00:17:05,953 --&gt; 00:17:06,753
咱们能的

242
00:17:06,854 --&gt; 00:17:08,154
你们骑阿柏先走

243
00:17:08,255 --&gt; 00:17:09,589
我去分散他的注意力

244
00:18:25,733 --&gt; 00:18:28,434
我没事

245
00:18:28,535 --&gt; 00:18:29,535
那个敌人是碰巧遇到的吧

246
00:18:29,636 --&gt; 00:18:31,170
我不这么想

247
00:18:31,271 --&gt; 00:18:34,040
我感觉他知道我们是谁

248
00:18:39,313 --&gt; 00:18:41,047
你这是在干嘛？

249
00:18:41,148 --&gt; 00:18:42,582
这你还看不出来吗？

250
00:18:42,683 --&gt; 00:18:45,518
你怎么把全家福也给烧了

251
00:18:45,619 --&gt; 00:18:46,619
你觉得我会在乎吗？

252
00:18:46,720 --&gt; 00:18:48,021
我觉得是

253
00:18:48,088 --&gt; 00:18:51,891
别装的好像很了解我似的，管好你自己的事得了

254
00:18:51,992 --&gt; 00:18:53,760
哈，我就知道

255
00:18:53,861 --&gt; 00:18:55,795
不，你什么都不知道

256
00:18:55,896 --&gt; 00:18:57,263
你只知道成天沉浸在泰丽的小世界中

257
00:18:57,364 --&gt; 00:18:59,499
对你来说什么都是完美的

258
00:18:59,600 --&gt; 00:19:01,467
祖寇，别招惹她

259
00:19:01,568 --&gt; 00:19:03,036
我好美啊，快来看我啊

260
00:19:03,137 --&gt; 00:19:04,971
我可以用手走路哩，呜呼！

261
00:19:08,142 --&gt; 00:19:09,676
马戏团怪人

262
00:19:11,779 --&gt; 00:19:13,546
没错，我是个马戏团怪人

263
00:19:13,647 --&gt; 00:19:15,848
尽管嘲笑我吧

264
00:19:15,949 --&gt; 00:19:17,884
想知道我为什么会加入马戏团吗？

265
00:19:17,985 --&gt; 00:19:19,318
洗耳恭听

266
00:19:19,420 --&gt; 00:19:22,288
你们知道我们家的生活是啥样的吗？

267
00:19:22,389 --&gt; 00:19:23,623
我们姊妹一共有六个

268
00:19:23,724 --&gt; 00:19:26,192
你们谁跟我一样？

269
00:19:26,293 --&gt; 00:19:28,661
就像是，就像是我都没有自己的名字一样

270
00:19:28,762 --&gt; 00:19:30,296
我加入马戏团是因为

271
00:19:30,397 --&gt; 00:19:32,765
我害怕我的下半生只是平庸的，

272
00:19:32,866 --&gt; 00:19:34,801
简单的重复其他姊妹的生活

273
00:19:34,902 --&gt; 00:19:36,436
至少现在的我与众不同

274
00:19:36,537 --&gt; 00:19:39,305
马戏团怪人的称号对我来说更像是恭维

275
00:19:39,406 --&gt; 00:19:42,775
这也正你是要交十个男友的原因喽

276
00:19:42,876 --&gt; 00:19:44,577
抱歉，你说啥？

277
00:19:44,678 --&gt; 00:19:46,346
想引人注目呗

278
00:19:46,447 --&gt; 00:19:48,281
儿时你不能从父母那得到足够的重视

279
00:19:48,382 --&gt; 00:19:50,950
你现在就想找办法补偿喽

280
00:19:51,051 --&gt; 00:19:53,986
我说 梅，那你的借口又是啥呢？

281
00:19:54,088 --&gt; 00:19:56,389
你15岁前可都是家中的独苗

282
00:19:56,490 --&gt; 00:19:57,990
你虽集万千宠爱于一身

283
00:19:58,092 --&gt; 00:20:01,260
可你的气场却是那么的暗淡，苍白，灰暗...

284
00:20:01,362 --&gt; 00:20:03,763
我可不相信什么气场

285
00:20:03,864 --&gt; 00:20:05,965
是啊，你什么都不相信

286
00:20:06,066 --&gt; 00:20:10,336
哦，抱歉我不能像你们那么神经质，那么疯狂

287
00:20:10,437 --&gt; 00:20:11,804
我也很抱歉呢

288
00:20:11,905 --&gt; 00:20:15,208
我一直希望你能发回疯，哪怕一次也行

289
00:20:15,309 --&gt; 00:20:17,310
正相反，你把一切的感情都埋在心里

290
00:20:17,411 --&gt; 00:20:19,178
她刚才说你的气场暗淡

291
00:20:19,279 --&gt; 00:20:20,246
你居然都不反驳？

292
00:20:20,347 --&gt; 00:20:21,781
你想让我怎么样？

293
00:20:21,882 --&gt; 00:20:25,685
你也想让我哭诉一下我的悲惨童年？

294
00:20:25,786 --&gt; 00:20:27,120
那你可能要失望了

295
00:20:27,221 --&gt; 00:20:30,223
我从小锦衣玉食，衣食无忧

296
00:20:30,324 --&gt; 00:20:32,592
只要我言行规矩

297
00:20:32,693 --&gt; 00:20:34,861
坐姿端庄

298
00:20:34,962 --&gt; 00:20:37,563
除非有人跟我说话，否则绝不张口

299
00:20:37,664 --&gt; 00:20:40,466
母亲说为了父亲的政治生涯顺利

300
00:20:40,567 --&gt; 00:20:42,869
我必须要远离是非

301
00:20:42,970 --&gt; 00:20:44,837
那这就对了

302
00:20:44,938 --&gt; 00:20:47,573
你有一个满怀期望却又控制欲极强的母亲

303
00:20:47,675 --&gt; 00:20:49,676
她严格的控制着你的一言一行

304
00:20:49,777 --&gt; 00:20:51,978
所以你才不会理会周遭的事物

305
00:20:52,079 --&gt; 00:20:53,146
你才会不知如何吐露心声

306
00:20:53,247 --&gt; 00:20:55,615
你想让我吐露心声吗？

307
00:20:55,716 --&gt; 00:20:56,983
别来惹我

308
00:20:59,019 --&gt; 00:21:01,621
我喜欢你表露心声时的样子

309
00:21:01,722 --&gt; 00:21:02,855
别碰我

310
00:21:02,956 --&gt; 00:21:05,024
我还在生你的气

311
00:21:05,125 --&gt; 00:21:08,461
梅，我的生活也没有好过过

312
00:21:08,562 --&gt; 00:21:11,230
那又怎么样，别为你的那种行为找借口了

313
00:21:11,331 --&gt; 00:21:12,899
大家都冷静点

314
00:21:13,000 --&gt; 00:21:15,501
这种消极的能量对你们的皮肤不好

315
00:21:15,602 --&gt; 00:21:17,070
你们会满脸长痘的

316
00:21:17,171 --&gt; 00:21:18,204
对皮肤不好？

317
00:21:18,305 --&gt; 00:21:20,807
正常的青少年才会担心那种事情

318
00:21:20,908 --&gt; 00:21:22,308
那种好事我可不敢奢望

319
00:21:22,409 --&gt; 00:21:26,179
父皇为了惩罚我，在我脸上留下了永久的烙印

320
00:21:26,280 --&gt; 00:21:28,047
抱歉，祖寇，我...

321
00:21:28,148 --&gt; 00:21:31,484
一直以来，我一直认为倘若父皇
接纳我的话，我一定会 很高兴的

322
00:21:31,585 --&gt; 00:21:32,685
我现在回家了

323
00:21:32,720 --&gt; 00:21:33,720
父皇肯跟我交谈了

324
00:21:33,821 --&gt; 00:21:36,155
哼，他甚至把我当作英雄看待

325
00:21:36,256 --&gt; 00:21:37,623
这一切都很完美，对吗？

326
00:21:37,725 --&gt; 00:21:40,159
我应该感到高兴，可我却高兴不起来

327
00:21:40,260 --&gt; 00:21:42,929
我比以前更加易怒，我自己都不知是为什么

328
00:21:43,030 --&gt; 00:21:45,198
那倒要问问你了

329
00:21:45,299 --&gt; 00:21:46,733
你到底在生谁的气？

330
00:21:46,834 --&gt; 00:21:49,435
没谁，我就是生气

331
00:21:49,536 --&gt; 00:21:52,238
是啊，祖寇，你到底在生谁的气？

332
00:21:52,339 --&gt; 00:21:55,041
每个人吧....我不知道

333
00:21:55,142 --&gt; 00:21:55,842
是气父皇吗？

334
00:21:55,943 --&gt; 00:21:57,477
不，不

335
00:21:57,578 --&gt; 00:21:58,845
-气你皇叔？ -是我吗?

336
00:21:58,946 --&gt; 00:22:00,880
不，不....不，不

337
00:22:00,981 --&gt; 00:22:02,048
那到底是谁？

338
00:22:02,149 --&gt; 00:22:03,082
你到底在生谁的气？

339
00:22:03,183 --&gt; 00:22:04,650
快说啊，祖寇

340
00:22:04,752 --&gt; 00:22:05,685
告诉我们吧

341
00:22:05,786 --&gt; 00:22:07,086
快呀，回答我们

342
00:22:07,187 --&gt; 00:22:08,688
快点，快说

343
00:22:08,789 --&gt; 00:22:11,591
我在生自己的气

344
00:22:16,196 --&gt; 00:22:17,397
为什么？

345
00:22:17,498 --&gt; 00:22:19,932
因为我很困惑

346
00:22:20,034 --&gt; 00:22:21,868
因为我再也分不清什么是对

347
00:22:21,969 --&gt; 00:22:23,736
什么是错了

348
00:22:23,837 --&gt; 00:22:24,637
你太可怜了

349
00:22:24,705 --&gt; 00:22:28,074
我知道我在乎什么...

350
00:22:28,175 --&gt; 00:22:30,109
我在乎你

351
00:22:33,814 --&gt; 00:22:36,883
不错，大家表演的都不错

352
00:22:36,984 --&gt; 00:22:39,952
阿祖拉，我想你永远也不会理解的，对吗

353
00:22:40,054 --&gt; 00:22:41,921
因为你一直都是那么的完美

354
00:22:42,022 --&gt; 00:22:44,023
哦，是啊，你说的没错

355
00:22:44,124 --&gt; 00:22:46,325
我没有你们那些赚人眼泪的故事

356
00:22:46,427 --&gt; 00:22:49,462
我本可以坐在这儿抱怨母后对你是那么的偏心

357
00:22:49,563 --&gt; 00:22:52,231
不过我并不在乎

358
00:22:52,332 --&gt; 00:22:53,866
我的亲生母亲...

359
00:22:53,967 --&gt; 00:22:56,035
居然认为我是个怪物

360
00:22:58,706 --&gt; 00:23:02,775
当然，她说的没错，不过还是挺伤人的

361
00:23:02,876 --&gt; 00:23:05,144
看来露和丽说的没错

362
00:23:05,245 --&gt; 00:23:07,246
这海滩的确让我们看清了自己

363
00:23:07,348 --&gt; 00:23:09,582
此刻尽丝滑

364
00:23:09,683 --&gt; 00:23:11,217
我会永远记住这一刻的

365
00:23:11,318 --&gt; 00:23:14,887
想让这次旅行终生难忘吗？

366
00:23:18,625 --&gt; 00:23:21,027
陈，有个坏消息要告诉你

367
00:23:21,128 --&gt; 00:23:22,628
派对结束了

368
00:23:39,501 --&gt; 00:23:42,624
-=未完待续=-
翻译/校译：Tucity http://blog.sina.com.cn/tucity
时间轴：花与虫 http://bugsandflowers.blogspot.com
本字幕仅为个人学习之用，请勿用作商业用途

1
00:00:01,242 --&gt; 00:00:03,411
水善国

2
00:00:03,953 --&gt; 00:00:05,413
土强国

3
00:00:05,830 --&gt; 00:00:07,581
火烈国

4
00:00:07,998 --&gt; 00:00:09,125
气和国

5
00:00:10,584 --&gt; 00:00:14,171
很久以前，这四大国和谐共处

6
00:00:14,672 --&gt; 00:00:18,842
然而，烈火国发起的战争结束了和平

7
00:00:18,884 --&gt; 00:00:22,846
只有同时掌握四种元素的降世神通才能结束战争

8
00:00:22,846 --&gt; 00:00:26,267
然而在大家最需要他的时候，他却消失了

9
00:00:26,684 --&gt; 00:00:30,229
100年后，我和哥哥发现了转世的降世神通

10
00:00:30,354 --&gt; 00:00:32,272
他是个御气师，名叫“安昂”

11
00:00:32,314 --&gt; 00:00:34,817
尽管他的御气术着实了得

12
00:00:34,817 --&gt; 00:00:37,569
在拯救苍生之前，他要学的还有很多

13
00:00:37,569 --&gt; 00:00:40,697
但是我坚信 安昂能拯救这个世界

14
00:00:41,664 --&gt; 00:00:46,669
-=降世神通=-
最后的气宗
翻译/校译：Tucity http://blog.sina.com.cn/tucity
时间轴：花与虫 http://bugsandflowers.blogspot.com
本字幕仅为个人学习之用，请勿用作商业用途

15
00:00:47,845 --&gt; 00:00:50,097
降世神通 前情提要

16
00:00:50,890 --&gt; 00:00:52,433
我输掉了这场战争

17
00:00:52,558 --&gt; 00:00:55,061
我让天下人失望了

18
00:00:55,186 --&gt; 00:00:58,731
我应该预见这场战争的到来，并及时制止它

19
00:00:58,856 --&gt; 00:01:02,360
一直以来，我以为父皇
接受我的话，我一定会很高兴

20
00:01:02,401 --&gt; 00:01:03,277
我现在终于回家了

21
00:01:03,402 --&gt; 00:01:04,695
父皇肯与我交谈

22
00:01:04,779 --&gt; 00:01:06,197
一切都很完美，不是吗？

23
00:01:06,322 --&gt; 00:01:08,783
我现在应该感到高兴
可我却高兴不起来

24
00:01:08,908 --&gt; 00:01:10,785
求你了，皇叔，我很困惑

25
00:01:10,910 --&gt; 00:01:12,119
我需要你的帮助

26
00:01:12,203 --&gt; 00:01:13,829
算了

27
00:01:13,954 --&gt; 00:01:15,206
我会自己解决的

28
00:01:15,331 --&gt; 00:01:16,832
从此你是生是死都与我无关

29
00:01:17,917 --&gt; 00:01:23,214
第三卷
火
</pre></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
