# S03E17 - The Ember Island Players

**Languages:** English / 中文

=== "English"

    <div class="script">
          The Ember Island Players

      Written By: Tim Hedrick, Josh Hamilton, John O’ Bryan
      Directed By: Giancarlo Volpe
      Storyboard By: Michael Chang, Johane Matte, Juan Meza-Leon, Giancarlo
      Volpe, Young, Jung Hye, Yu, Jae Myung
      Animation By: JM Animation Co., Ltd.
      Transcriber: Icy_Ashford

      [Introduction sequence]

      [“Previously on Avatar” sequence, including clips from The Beach and The
      Day of Black Sun Part 1]

      Act I

      (Episode opens up to a scenic view of Fire Lord Ozai’s beach house with
      the rocks and hills around it on Ember Island. Cut to an overhead view of
      the courtyard as 2 figures are seen firebending towards a derelict
      fountain and taking a step back. Cut to an area at Aang’s side, looking at
      him and Zuko. In sync, they take a step forward and throw their arms down,
      firebending at the same time. They stretch out their right leg in front of
      them, firebending again. They proceed to stretch it behind them and they
      push out their left arm out in a “Superman” pose as they firebend with
      that arm. They put their legs down and exhale audibly, putting their arms
      in a cooling down position and bowing to each other. Katara and Toph are
      seen spectating at the side in their Fire Nation disguises. Zuko cracks
      his fingers and stretches both arms above his head and walks off screen.
      Aang massages his shoulder.)

      Katara: (Cut to a close up of the 2 girls. Toph is napping.) Doesn’t it
      seem kinda weird that we’re hiding (looks around the courtyard) from the
      Fire Lord in his own house‌
      Zuko: (Cut to Zuko sitting at the fountain, wiping his hair with a yellow
      towel) I told you, my Father hasn’t come here since our family was
      actually happy. And that was a long time ago. This is the last place
      anyone would think to look for us.
      Sokka: (Cut to an area behind the girls looking at the boys as Sokka and
      Suki walk into screen) You guys are not going to believe this. There’s a
      play about us.
      Suki: (Cut to a close up of the couple. Suki has donned a Fire Nation
      disguise similar to Azula’s evening outfit in The Beach) We were just in
      town and we found this poster.

      (Sokka unveils the poster at the camera. It’s a parody of the Season 1 box
      set DVD cover and Zuko’s scar is on the wrong side.)

      Katara: (Cut to an area behind Sokka as he shows the poster to his sister)
      What‌ (He shows the poster to Aang) How is that possible‌
      Sokka: (He flips the poster back) Listen to this. (Cut to a frontal shot
      of Sokka with the back of the poster facing the camera) “The Boy in the
      Iceberg is a new production from acclaimed playwright Pu On Tim who
      scoured (Cut to the poster as camera pans up on the main characters with
      heavily exaggerated features. Sokka is pictured as a muscled man in his
      Season 2 outfit) the globe gathering information on the Avatar from the
      icy South Pole to the heart of Ba Sing Se. (Cut to an overhead shot of the
      scene) His sources including singing nomads, pirates, prisoners of war and
      a surprisingly knowledgeable merchant of cabbage.”
      Suki: (leans in to read the last line) “Brought to you by the critically
      acclaimed Ember Island Players.”

      (Sokka lets go of the scroll’s bottom and it curls back.)

      Zuko: Ugh. (Cut to a close up of Zuko with a disgusted look on his face)
      My Mother used to take us to see them. They butchered “Love Amongst The
      Dragons” every year.
      Katara: (Cut to a close up side shot of Katara as she turns back to her
      brother) Sokka, do you really think it’s a good idea for us to attend a
      play about ourselves‌
      Sokka: Come on, a day at the theatre‌ (Unrolls the scroll towards his
      sister) This is the kind of wacky time wasting nonsense I’ve been missing.

      (He grins widely. Fade to a side view shot of the theatre at night. Cut to
      the curtains on the stage. Camera zooms out to show the Gaang walking into
      a private viewing box on the second floor facing the stage. Toph and
      Katara take their seats. Zuko walks in the opposite direction wearing a
      hooded cloak and sits beside Katara as Aang confidently tries to sit next
      to her. He is wearing a hat similar to Dock’s in The Painted Lady to cover
      his bald, tattooed head. Aang stands up rubs his neck.)

      Aang: Hey, uh… I wanted to sit (points at Zuko’s spot) there. (he clenches
      his hands together)
      Zuko: (lowers his hood) Just sit next to me, what’s the big deal‌
      Aang: I was (Katara looks at the commotion and looks back to the stage)
      just… I wanted to… (sits next to Zuko) Okay.
      Toph: (Cut to an undershot of the viewing box as Sokka and Suki sit in the
      row behind the 4 of them) Why are we sitting in the nose bleed section‌ My
      feet (the lights in the theatre dim down) can’t see a thing from up here.
      Katara: Don’t worry, I’ll tell your feet what’s happening.

      (Cut to the stage as the curtain is drawn up to reveal a prop of a canoe
      surrounded by moving set decorations of water. The backdrop is a crude
      painting of icebergs. The Katara and Sokka actors are rowing the canoe
      with their oars. Cut to Katara who is excited. A hand touches her shoulder
      and she looks up, smiling at her brother and the camera zooms out as Sokka
      points to her and back to himself rapidly. He makes sounds of
      astonishment. Cut to Katara’s actress who is much more developed and
      bigger sized than the real Katara and her clothes are a little revealing.
      She has too much blusher on her cheeks.)

      Actress Katara: (sighs) Sokka, my only brother. We constantly roam these
      icy South Pole seas and yet never do we find anything fulfilling.
      Actor Sokka: (Camera pans to the right to show Sokka’s actor who is
      buck-toothed and thinner than the actual Sokka. His “wolf-tail” is an
      overly large ponytail bun.) All I want is a full feeling in my stomach,
      I’m starving!

      (Cut to the audience near the stage as they laugh heartily. Cut to a
      sideview of the Water Tribe siblings who look at each other in disbelief.
      Cut to an area in the audience in front of the stage, looking at the
      boat.)

      Actress Katara: Is food the only thing on your mind‌
      Actor Sokka: Well, I’m trying to get it out of my mind and (Cut to a close
      up of actor Sokka as he points to his mouth) into my mouth. I’m starving.

      (The audience laughs once again. Cut back to the Gaang’s viewing box as
      Sokka complains to his sister.)

      Sokka: This is pathetic. My (points his thumb to himself) jokes are way
      funnier than this. (throws out his arm towards the stage)
      Toph: (Toph laughs and the siblings look at her) I think he’s got you
      pegged.

      (Cut back to the stage as actress Katara stands up while actor Sokka
      continues paddling.)

      Actress Katara: Everyday, the World awaits a beacon to guide us, yet none
      appears. Still, we cannot give up hope. (she places her hand to her chest
      in a melodramatic way) For hope (she sniffles) is all we have (her voice
      begins to be choked with “tears”) and we must never relinquish it. Even…
      (sniffling) even to our dying breath.

      (She pretends to cry.)

      Katara: (Cut back to the Gaang’s viewing box as Katara is unamused) Well,
      (Suki and Sokka laugh) that’s just silly. I don’t sound like that.
      Toph: (giggles and clutches her stomach) Oh man, this writer’s a genius.

      (Cut back to actress Katara who is still crying as white-blue light
      illuminates behind her. She looks up in a “dainty” way.)

      Actress Katara: (Cut to a full view of the stage as the iceberg prop
      slowly moves to the centre of the stage. A cut out of Aang sways from side
      to side on a stick inside the iceberg.) It appears to be someone frozen in
      ice. Perhaps for a hundred years.
      Actor Sokka: (Cut to a close up of the cut out.) But who‌ Who is the boy
      in the iceberg‌

      (Cut back to the viewing box as Aang grabs the railings in anticipation.
      Zuko looks bored.)

      Actress Katara: (Cut to actress Katara who is already on top of the
      iceberg prop. Actor Sokka is still climbing up) Waterbend, hai-ya!

      (She performs a chopping motion and the Aang cut out is pulled down.
      Cracks appear on the iceberg and it opens with the interior smoking. The
      actors look at each other in mock surprise. Cut to a close up of the smoke
      as a lady dressed as Aang jumps out, winks and poses. Like actress Katara,
      her make up is heavy. Cut to Aang who is repulsed. Cut back to a close up
      of the iceberg.)

      Actress Katara: Who are you, frozen boy‌
      Actress Aang: (giggles and balances tip toed on one leg) I’m the Avatar,
      silly. Here to spread (pirouettes on her balancing leg) joy and fun.
      Aang: (in disbelief) Wait, is that a woman playing me‌

      (Cut back to the iceberg as a shaggy, white Chinese lion get-up from
      traditional Chinese lion dances pops out from the remnants of the iceberg
      and moves from side to side. It jumps off the iceberg. Cut to a full view
      of the stage as the Appa lion circles round the iceberg and makes a gruff
      animal noise. The 3 dancers controlling the lion costume have worn shaggy
      pants to show that Appa has 6 legs.)

      Actress Katara: (gasp) An airbender. My heart is so full of hope that it’s
      (drops to her knees) making me (grabs actress Aang’s leg and cries)
      tearbend.

      (Cut to a close up of actress Katara as she makes sobbing noises. Cut back
      to a full view of the 3 actors on the iceberg prop.)

      Actor Sokka: My stomach is so empty that it’s making me tearbend. (He
      drops to his knees and grabs actress Aang’s other leg and sobs) I need
      meat. (Cut to a close up of actor Sokka)
      Actress Aang: (She kneels down and places an arm around actor Sokka’s
      shoulder and points to the ceiling above the audience) But wait. (Cut back
      to Aang who is visibly unamused and is slumped against the railing) Is
      that a platter of meaty dumplings‌
      Actor Sokka: (off screen) Ooo. (Cut back to the 3 actors as actor Sokka
      looks around) Where‌ Where‌
      Actress Aang: (giggles uncontrollably) Did I mention (crosses her legs)
      that I’m an incurable prankster‌

      (Cut back to the Gaang’s viewing box as the audience laughs off screen.)

      Aang: (irritated) I don’t do that. That’s not what I’m like! And… I’m not
      a woman!
      Toph: (laughs out loud as the rest turn to look at her) Oh, they nailed
      you, Twinkle Toes.

      (Aang slumps onto the railing again. Cut back to the stage as Zuko’s ship
      enters with actor Zuko poised near the front of the ship, looking through
      a telescope.)

      Actor Uncle: (Cut to actor Uncle who is portrayed a little more
      accurately) Prince Zuko, you must try this cake.

      (He brings up a whole cake on a plate but one slice missing.)

      Actor Zuko: (Camera pans to the right to show actor Zuko in Zuko’s Fire
      Nation armor with a long ponytail. His scar is on the wrong side.) I don’t
      have time to stuff my face. (His voice is rougher and deeper than Zuko’s.
      He lowers the telescope and faces the audience) I must capture the Avatar
      to regain my honor!
      Actor Uncle: (Cut to a full view of the ship prop) Well, while you do
      that, maybe I’ll capture another slice.

      (He proceeds to bring the plate of cake to his mouth and makes loud,
      masticating noises)

      Actor Zuko: You sicken me. (He looks through the telescope again)
      Zuko: (Cut back to Zuko with Katara looking very amused) They make me
      totally stiff and humorless.
      Katara: Actually, I think that actor’s pretty spot on.
      Zuko: (looks to Katara and stretches both arms out) How could you say
      that‌
      Actor Uncle: (Cut back to actor Zuko still looking through the telescope
      as actor Uncle appears behind him) Let’s forget about the Avatar and get
      massages.
      Actor Zuko: (turns back to actor Uncle, outraged) How could you say that‌!

      (Cut back to Katara wearing a satisfied grin on her face and she looks to
      an expressionless Zuko as he slouches in his seat. Cut to the backdrop of
      the Southern Air Temple as the camera pans down to actress Aang looking
      around. A tail sticks out from a nearby bush prop. She spots the tail.)

      Actress Aang: Hey look, (the tail slinks deeper into the bush) I think
      (she tip toes towards the bush and reaches in. Cut the Water Tribe actors
      as they look at each other, puzzled.) I found something. (Cut to actress
      Aang who steps away from the bush with a large puppet of Momo sitting on
      her shoulder) It’s a flying rabbit monkey. I think (she walks closer to
      the camera) I’ll name him, Momo. (giggles)
      Puppet Momo: (Actress Aang attempts ventriloquism but fails since one side
      of her mouth is open) Hi, everybody. (the mouth of puppet Momo opens and
      closes as it moves towards the camera) I love you.

      (The audience laughs off screen as the camera cuts back to Aang who sighs
      with disgust and places two fingers on his temple, moving the skin around.
      Cut to actress Suki peeking out from behind a fan. Camera zooms out to
      show her holding 2 fans in her hands as she raises them above her head.
      Her head gear and the area around her waist are exaggeratedly big.)

      Actor Sokka: (He walks backwards into screen, sticking his rear end out as
      he does so) Does this dress make my butt look fat‌

      (He points to his bottom. Cut to an area behind Suki and Sokka as Suki
      struggles to contain her laughter and looks to Sokka who blushes. Cut to a
      backdrop of Omashu as actor Bumi in a bodysuit pops into screen.)

      Actor Bumi: Riddles and challenges must you face, (Camera zooms out to the
      stage to show actress Aang avoiding a swinging rock and actress Katara
      being surrounded by props of green genemite crystals) if you are ever to
      leave this place.

      (Sokka runs on stage, being chased by someone wearing a Flopsie suit.
      Actor Bumi laughs hysterically. Cut to actress Katara who sighs
      melodramatically as she disappears behind the prop crystals as one part of
      the prop rises, hiding her completely. Cut to Katara who sticks her tongue
      out at the scene.

      Cut to the stage with a pirate ship in the backdrop. The leading
      characters stand at the centre of the stage. Cut to the left side of the
      stage as 3 pirates armed with prop weapons appear on stage. Camera pans to
      the other side of the stage as another 3 pirates enter the stage. Camera
      pans back to the trio with actress Katara clutching an overly large scroll
      prop and actor Sokka holding a blunt boomerang prop.

      All 3 of them squat down as the pirates ambush them. The 3 of them slide
      out from underneath a pirate’s skirt as the 6 pirates fight and slowly
      move offstage.)

      Actor Sokka: Why did you have to steal that waterbending scroll‌

      (Cut to the trio who tip toe away.)

      Actress Katara: It just gave me so much hope!

      (Cut to Katara who looks on, unamused as actress Katara sobs off screen.
      Cut to a stagehand hiding behind the backdrop as lightning flashes through
      the stage. He lifts up a metal sheet and wobbles it around to make the
      sound of thunder. Cut to a full view of the stage to show actress Aang
      being tied to a raised dragon platform with Fire Nation guards at the
      bottom.)

      Actor Zuko: The Avatar is mine! (he looks to the side and points) Wait,
      who’s coming‌
      Actor Blue Spirit: (Cut to the side of the stage as a spotlight shines on
      an actor wearing a large tiki Blue Spirit mask that covers his whole body)
      I am the Blue Spirit. The scourge (clashes his broadswords together) of
      the Fire Nation here to save the Avatar.

      (Cut to a full view of the stage as actor Blue Spirit appears on screen
      and waves his swords about. The guards behind him fall to the ground,
      defeated. Actor Zuko runs behind the dragon platform. Actor Blue Spirit
      continues walking on and waves his swords about and the remaining guards
      drop down. Actor Zuko appears from the other side of the platform and
      throws a red streamer symbolizing firebending at the Blue Spirit’s feet
      and the Blue Spirit jumps to avoid the streamer. The Blue Spirit thrusts
      out his sword as actor Zuko runs offstage.)

      Actress Aang: My hero.

      (She jumps off the platform and sits on top of the tiki mask and the Blue
      Spirit walks offstage. Cut to Zuko and Aang who look at each other with
      slight “sweatdrop” expressions. Cut to the stagehand turning a wheel. Cut
      to the backdrop of the Freedom Fighter’s hide out as actress Katara and
      actor Jet with a rose in his mouth and a heavily exaggerated anime-like
      hair are lowered into screen by on a platform. Actress Katara mock sobs
      out loud.)

      Actor Jet: Don’t cry, baby. (He holds actress Katara close to him) Jet
      will wipe out that nasty town (points to the stage) for you.

      (He tips actress Katara’s chin up and the camera zooms out to show a
      stagehand clad in black pulling a large, blue sheet of cloth symbolizing
      water across the stage. The platform raises.)

      Actress Katara: (sultrily) Oh Jet, you’re so bad.

      (Cut to Toph who giggles while Katara holds her head in embarrassment. Cut
      to a prop of Appa flying across the stage with the leading actors sitting
      in the saddle. Actress Aang sits on the saddle’s side instead of prop
      Appa’s head.)

      Actress Aang: (enthusiastically) Look, (points down) it’s The Great
      Divide. (Actress Katara looks down) The biggest canyon in the Earth
      Kingdom.
      Actor Sokka: (looks down and throws his arm to the side dismissively) Meh.
      Let’s keep flying.

      (Cut to the stagehand holding a sack of fake snow and ruffling it so that
      the fake snowflakes fall out consistently. Cut to a bridge with a wave
      symbol on stage. Actor Sokka and actress Yue are standing at the centre of
      the bridge.)

      Actor Sokka: Don’t go, Yue. You’re (grasps her hands) the only woman whose
      ever taken my mind off of food. (Cut to a close up of the 2 as they kiss
      audibly. Actress Yue has an overly large and exaggerated white hair wig
      and she is wearing pink instead of white. Actor Sokka gags and sticks his
      tongue out.) Wait, did you have pickled fish for dinner‌
      Actress Yue: Goodbye, Sokka. (She rises slowly as their hands part.) I
      have important Moon duties to take care of. (Cut to a full view of the
      bridge to show actress Yue sitting on a crescent Moon prop as it slowly
      gets pulled up. The train of her skirt is quite long and trails a few feet
      below the Moon prop.) And yes, I did have pickled fish.

      (Actor Sokka raises his arms up to the departing Yue. Cut back to Sokka
      and Suki. Sokka has tears in his eyes and his hands are on his chin.)

      Suki: (giggles) You never (Sokka’s mouth quivers animatedly) told me you
      made out with the Moon Spirit.
      Sokka: (places a finger on Suki’s lips) Shh. I’m trying to watch.

      (He lets the tears flow freely as Suki crosses her arms, annoyed. Cut to
      cut outs of Fire Nation boats being dragged across the stage. A foot kicks
      the cut outs aside. Cut to a doll of Zhao in the hand of the Ocean Spirit.
      Camera zooms out to show actress Aang under a large Ocean Spirit costume.)

      Actress Aang: (laughs) The Avatar is back to save the day! Yay!

      (She jumps and crushes the cut out as she lands. She proceeds to kick
      another ship cut out offstage. She stomps around and destroys the
      remaining cut outs as she falls flat on her stomach due to the weight of
      the costume. The curtain is lowered.

      Cut back to the Gaang’s viewing box as Toph and the rest of the audience
      applaud and cheer. Katara stares bewildered at the closing scene. Aang
      groans and throws his entire body forward. Zuko brings the hood up on his
      head. Sokka brings his palm to his face, visibly displeased.

      Cut to commercial break.)

      Act II

      (Scene returns to outside the theatre looking at the sea. Camera pans to
      the left to show the Gaang sitting on a flight of steps on a balcony.
      Sokka walks down the steps.)

      Zuko: So far, this intermission is the best part of the play.
      Sokka: (Cut to Sokka’s legs walking down as Suki look on, amused)
      Apparently, the playwright thinks I’m an idiot (he sits down and reaches
      into a small bag of food) who tells bad jokes about meat all the time. (he
      takes out strip of meat)
      Suki: Yeah, you tell bad jokes (Sokka bites off a part of the strip and
      chews) about plenty of other topics.
      Sokka: (swallows) I know! (takes another bite angrily)
      Aang: (off screen) At least this Sokka actor kinda looks like you. (Cut to
      Aang sitting at the bottom of the steps with Toph standing in front of
      him) That woman playing the Avatar doesn’t resemble me at all.
      Toph: I don’t know, you are more in touch with your feminine side than
      most guys. (He stands up and makes an annoyed sound)
      Katara: (off screen) Relax, Aang. (he turns around and camera cuts to
      Katara sitting at the top of the steps) They’re not accurate portrayals.
      It’s not like I’m (places hand on chest) a preachy crybaby who can’t
      resist giving overemotional speeches about hope all the time. (Camera
      zooms out to show a full view of the stairs at everyone looks at her
      skeptically) What‌
      Aang: Yeah. (sits down) That’s not you at all.
      Toph: Listen, friends. It’s obvious that the playwright did his research.
      I know it must hurt but what you’re seeing up there on that stage is the
      truth.

      (Cut back to the stage to show a backdrop of the Earth Kingdom. Camera
      pans down on the lead actors.)

      Actress Katara: Well, here we are in the Earth Kingdom.
      Actress Aang: I better (she opens a mini glider prop in her hand) have a
      look around to see if I can find an earthbending teacher. (A rope attached
      to her back pulls her up)
      Toph: (excitedly) This is it! This must be where I (Zuko brings a
      parchment closer to his face while Katara looks on worriedly and Sokka
      appears bored) come in.

      (Cut to actress Aang who flies one round above the audience and back to
      the stage)

      Actress Aang: I flew all over town but I couldn’t find a single
      earthbending master. (Actress Katara and actor Sokka act horrified and
      sad)
      Toph: (clenches her fist in anticipation) Here it comes.
      Actor Toph: (Cut to the stage as a rock prop gets lifted by a well built
      man wearing Toph’s outfit who appears from a trap door under the prop) You
      can’t find an earthbending master in the sky, you have to look
      underground.

      (He throws the rock prop over the leading trio’s heads. Cut back to the
      Gaang’s viewing box as everyone breaks into laughter. Zuko drops his
      parchment in shock.)

      Actress Aang: (points to actor Toph) Who are you‌
      Actor Toph: (spits off camera) My name is Toph because it sounds like
      tough. (He flexes his muscles) And that’s just what I am. (Cut to Toph who
      turns her head to side, straining to hear the words.)
      Toph: Wait a minute, (She uses her pinkie to clear her ear) I sound like…
      (shocked) a guy. A really buff guy. (She smiles)
      Katara: (Camera pans to the right to show Katara who attempts to make fun
      of Toph) Well Toph, what you hear up there is the truth. It hurts, doesn’t
      it‌
      Toph: (grins from ear to ear) Are you kidding me‌ (Katara appears annoyed
      at the revelation) I wouldn’t have cast it any other way. At least it’s
      not a flying bald lady.

      (Camera pans further to the right to show Aang who is irritated at her
      comment. Cut back to the backdrop of the stage as camera pans down.)

      Actress Aang: So, you’re blind‌

      (She waves her hands in front of actor Toph’s face.)

      Actor Toph: (laughs) I can see you doing that. (points to actress Aang) I
      see everything (Cut to a full view of the stage) that you see except that
      I don’t see like you do. I release (Cut to a frontal shot of actor Toph) a
      sonic wave from my mouth.

      (He turns towards the leading trio and screams. Cut to actor Toph’s face.
      Cut to the trio who lean back and their clothes flutter from the strong
      vibrations. Cut to the audience who cringe and cover their ears. Cut to
      the Gaang who are also cringing but Toph looks on happily. Cut back to the
      stage as actor Toph stops and turns back to the audience.)

      Actor Toph: There. (The leading trio look on, impressed) I got a pretty
      good look at you.

      (The audience applauds. Cut to the stagehand tilting a spotlight up. Cut
      to actor Uncle and actor Zuko standing on a bridge facing each other as
      the light casts huge shadows on the backdrop.)

      Actor Uncle: Zuko, it’s time we had a talk. (points to actor Zuko) About
      your hair. (Cut to a close up of actor Zuko with a long hair wig. Both of
      them are still wearing their Season 1 outfits.) It’s gone too far.
      Actor Zuko: Maybe it’s best if we… (He turns his head away) split up.

      (He turns and walks away. Cut to a full view of the bridge to show both of
      them walking away from each other. Cut to an area above the Gaang’s
      viewing box looking at the stage. It’s the scene from The Chase where the
      6 of them corner Azula.)

      Actor Zuko: Azula! My sister. What are you doing here‌
      Actress Azula: (Cut to a close up of actress Azula with pink torso armor
      instead of red and like the other female actresses, she has heavy eye
      makeup) You caught me. Wait. What’s that‌ (points to the ceiling above the
      audience) I think it’s your honor. (Camera zooms out to show a full view
      of the stage)
      Actor Zuko: (All 6 actors turn towards the audience as actress Azula opens
      a door and escapes) Where‌
      Actress Katara: (They turn back to the empty corner) She escaped. But how‌

      (Cut to a stagehand sitting on a stool in the dark turning a contraption
      above him. The sheets around him move as he does so. Cut to alternating
      dark and light slanted lines moving across the screen. Camera zooms out to
      show the drill prop drilling through a prop wall supported by the black
      clad stagehands. Actress Azula stands on top of the drill while actress
      Aang stands on top of the wall.)

      Actress Aang: If she continues drilling (the prop drill continues to
      penetrate in), this wall (Cut to actress Aang as the wall beneath her
      shakes and sways unsteadily) will come down for sure.

      (A black clad hand brings up a rock prop from behind actress Aang and she
      takes it, throwing it towards actress Azula.)

      Actress Azula: (Cut to actress Azula who swipes the rock prop away with
      her arm) Haha, yes! Continue drilling. (points towards the wall) The city
      (Camera zooms out to show the black clad stagehand fanning to create a
      smoky effect. The other stagehand continues to shake the wall) of Ba Sing
      Se can’t hide no longer.

      (Camera zooms out to show a full view of the stage once again. The drill
      continues penetrating the wall. Actress Aang continues to throw rocks
      provided by the stagehand. One of the rocks hits actress Azula but she
      blocks it. Cut to the audience who are either sleeping, yawning or just
      plain uninterested at the scene. Some of them struggle to stay awake. Cut
      to a backdrop of a prison door in Ba Sing Se with the green spooky glow.

      Actor Jet comes into screen, slashing his hooksword arm prop as he does
      so. He is wearing a pair of crazy eye glasses as the tiny black beads
      representing his pupils swirl around to show that he has gone insane.
      Actor Jet twirls around on the spot, swinging his arms around.)

      Actress Aang: (off screen) No, Jet! (Camera zooms out to show the actors
      appearing horrified and scared at the scene. Actor Jet is crouching like a
      primate and he has a slight pot belly.) What did they do to you‌
      Actor Jet: Must. (He swipes his hooksword arm towards actress Aang
      unsteadily) Serve. Earth King! (He turns and swipes Sokka who ducks) Must…
      Destroy!

      (Cut to a stagehand on top looking down at the scene as he throws down a
      rock prop. Actor Jet makes various agonizing noises off screen. Cut to a
      full view of the stage as actor Jet swings around violently and grabs his
      head as if he is having a fit. The rock prop slowly floats into stage.
      Actor Jet crawls on his knees to ensure that he is underneath the rock
      prop as it lands. The prop falls on him, covering the upper part of his
      body but his legs pop out from under the rock. Actor Jet brings his legs
      into the prop. Cut to the Gaang’s viewing box.)

      Zuko: Did Jet just… die‌
      Sokka: You know, it was really unclear.

      (Cut to actress Katara with a backdrop of the crystal catacombs of Ba Sing
      Se behind her.)

      Actress Katara: I have to admit, Prince Zuko. I really find you
      attractive.

      (Cut to a frontal shot of the stage to show actor Zuko sitting on a
      crystal prop with his legs crossed.)

      Actor Zuko: You don’t (actress Katara cringes at his harshness) have to
      make fun of me.
      Actress Katara: But I mean it. (She proceeds to sit down beside actor
      Zuko) I had eyes for you (Cut to Katara and Zuko who look at each other
      awkwardly and they slide away from each other) since the day you first
      captured me. (Cut to Aang who frowns and looks serious)
      Actor Zuko: (Cut to Aang’s back view as he grabs the railings, looking at
      the stage) Wait. (actor Zuko stands up) I thought you were the Avatar’s
      girl.

      (Cut to a close up shot of Aang who nods. Cut to a slight overhead view of
      the 2 actors on stage.)

      Actress Katara: (laughs) The Avatar‌ (stands up and walks towards actor
      Zuko) Why, he’s like a little brother to me. (laughs some more) I
      certainly don’t think (Cut to Aang who looks saddened and his eyes turns
      towards Katara) of him in a romantic way. Besides, (Cut back to the stage)
      how could he ever find out about this.

      (The actors hold each others’ hands in an embrace. Cut back to Aang who
      stands up in irritation.)

      Sokka: (whispers) Oh, you’re getting up‌ Can you get me some fire flakes‌
      (He lays his arm across Suki’s shoulder as she rests against him) Oh and
      (He releases his arm to whisper back as Suki appears irritated at the
      sudden gesture) fire gummies.

      (He lays his arm on Suki’s shoulder again as Suki looks up at him, rather
      annoyed. Cut to the stage with actor Zuko in the centre, actress Azula on
      the left with a Fire Nation banner behind her and actor Uncle on the right
      with an Earth Kingdom banner behind him. A spotlight shines on actor
      Zuko.)

      Actress Azula: Well, my brother. What’s it going to be‌ (Cut to a close up
      of actor Zuko has he makes several gestures of confusion and deep thought)
      Your nation or a life of treachery‌
      Actor Uncle: (Cut to actor Uncle who drinks from a bowl) Choose treachery,
      it’s more fun.

      (He does a thumbs-up. Cut to an overhead view of the stage as actor Zuko
      walks to actor Uncle. The spotlight follows him.)

      Actress Azula: No way!

      (Cut to an area behind actor Uncle as actor Zuko shoves him. Cut to a full
      view of the stage as actor Uncle drops his bowl of beverage and lands on
      his back like an upturned turtle. Actor Zuko walks towards actress Azula.)

      Actor Zuko: I hate you, (points to actor Uncle) Uncle. (actor Uncle sits
      up) You smell and I hate you for all time.

      (The “Fire siblings” walk offstage as the Earth Kingdom banner falls on
      top of actor Uncle. Cut to the Gaang’s viewing box as Katara covers her
      mouth in shock. Zuko leans on the railing somberly.)

      Katara: You didn’t really say that, did you‌
      Zuko: (turns his head away) I might as well have.

      (Cut back to the stage as actress Mai stands up from the smoke. Her outfit
      is mostly accurate but she has a passive smiley as her belt buckle and her
      hair buns are exaggeratedly large with a knife in each of them. She takes
      a knife from her hair and thrusts it out. A black clad stagehand carries
      it across the stage to hit the back of an actor Earth Kingdom soldier’s
      shirt and he gets pulled back by a wire to show that the impact of the
      knife threw him backwards.

      Camera zooms out to a full view of the stage to show a backdrop of the
      Earth King’s throne room. The Earth King and Bosco’s costume appears to be
      sewn together. The Earth King looks like a little boy sitting on Bosco’s
      lap who is sitting on the throne. Cut to another actor Earth Kingdom
      soldier who gets into a fighting stance. Actress Ty Lee who is much bigger
      sized than the actual Ty Lee with heavy make up comes into screen and
      kisses the tips of her fingers. She proceeds to tap her fingers on the
      actor soldier’s shoulder and the soldier freezes up, sticks his tongue out
      and falls down. Actress Mai joins actress Ty Lee in the centre of the
      stage in a finishing pose. Cut to the audience who applaud.

      Cut back to actresses Mai and Ty Lee as the camera pans up to show actress
      Aang appearing from behind the throne and somersaulting to the centre of
      the stage.)

      Actress Aang: Avatar State, yip yip.

      (The lights on stage dim and her arrow glows in the dark. She closes her
      eyes and her eye shadow glow to show that the real Aang’s tattoos and eyes
      glow in the Avatar State. A black clad stagehand secures a rope behind her
      and she gets lifted into the air. The sleeves of actress Mai’s costume and
      the skirt of actress Ty Lee’s glow in the dark as well. Camera pans out to
      show a full view of the stage. Actress Azula jumps out from the smoke on
      the floor into the air.)

      Actress Azula: (Cut to a close up of actress Azula who whips out a blue
      streak of cloth. Various parts of her armor are glowing in the dark.) Not
      if my lightning can’t help it!

      (Cut to actress Aang who opens her eyes slightly to catch the blue cloth.
      The cloth wobbles and shakes as actress Aang pretends to go into spasms.
      Cut to a full view of the stage to show actress Azula shaking the clothing
      as she gets lowered to the stage. Actress Aang lets go of the cloth and
      the rope lowers her to the floor. Cut to the audience who look on,
      bewildered. Cut to a close up of actress Aang as her hunched body reaches
      the floor. Actresses Mai, Ty and Azula jump in front of actress Aang’s
      body in a final pose.)

      Actress Azula: The Avatar is no more!

      (Cut to the Gaang’s viewing box as the audience cheers off screen. Sokka
      appears offended, Toph leans against the railing, Katara crosses her arms
      and shakes her head and Zuko brings his hand to his face, not wanting to
      be reminded of that day.

      Cut to commercial break.)

      Act III

      (Scene returns to an overhead shot inside the theatre. Various people are
      standing around making small talk.)

      Suki: It seems like every time (Camera slowly zooms in on the Gaang on the
      second floor. Zuko is the only one seated on the floor.) there’s a big
      battle you guys barely make it out alive. I mean, you guys lose a lot.
      Sokka: (Cut to a close up of the couple as Suki smirks) You’re one to
      talk, Suki. Didn’t Azula take you captive‌ That’s right, she did. (She
      frowns and acts serious)
      Suki: Are you trying to get on my bad side‌
      Sokka: (matter-of-factly) I’m just saying.
      Katara: (Cut to the end of the corridor looking at the group as Katara
      walks in) Does anyone know where Aang is‌
      Sokka: He left to get me fire gummies like, 10 minutes ago. (He leans
      against the wall and folds his arms impatiently) And I’m still waiting.
      Katara: I’m going to check outside.

      (She walks off screen. Cut to outside the theatre looking at the sea.
      Camera pans to the left to show Aang standing alone at the balcony. His
      back is illuminated as someone opens the door. The lights diminish as the
      door closes. Katara walks into screen and stops behind him.)

      Katara: (Cut to a frontal shot of Aang with Katara behind him) Are you
      alright‌
      Aang: No, I’m not. (He throws his hat on the ground. Cut to the ground as
      the hat lands.) I hate this play.
      Katara: (Cut to a back view shot of Katara as she walks forward) I know
      it’s upsetting but it sounds like you’re overreacting.
      Aang: (He turns towards Katara and goes into an outburst) Overreacting‌ If
      I hadn’t blocked my chakra, I’d probably be in the Avatar State (raises
      his arm to the sky) right now.

      (He leans back onto the railing. Cut to a little boy cosplaying as Aang
      running out of a door.)

      Little Boy: Wheeee.

      (Camera slowly pans out as he runs past the camera. Suki and Sokka look at
      the boy.)

      Sokka: Suki, what are the chances you can get me backstage‌ I got some
      jokes I want to give to the actor me.
      Suki: (Cut to a close up of Suki’s face as she employs a serious and
      no-nonsense attitude) I’m an elite warrior who’s trained (her eyes dart to
      the side) for many years in the art of stealth. (She smiles widely) I
      think I can get you backstage.

      (Both of them walk off screen.)

      Toph: Jeez. Everyone’s getting so upset about their characters. Even you
      seem more down than usual and that’s saying something.
      Zuko: You don’t get it. (He looks up at Toph who leans against the wall
      smiling to herself) It’s different for you. You get a muscley version of
      yourself taking down 10 bad guys at once and making sassy remarks.
      Toph: Yeah, that’s pretty great.
      Zuko: (Cut to a close up of Zuko whose face is full of regret) But for me,
      it takes all the mistakes I’ve made in my life and shove them back in my
      face. (Cut to behind a pillar in front of them as the camera slowly pans
      to the right to show the 2 of them) My Uncle. He’s always been on my side
      even when things were bad. He was there for me. He taught me so much and
      how do I repay him‌ (Cut to the side view of Zuko’s unscarred side) With a
      knife in his back. It’s my greatest regret (lowers his head, ashamed) and
      I may never get to redeem myself.
      Toph: (Camera pans to the right slightly as Toph sits down) You have
      redeemed yourself to your Uncle. (Cut to a frontal shot of the 2) You
      don’t realize it but you already have.
      Zuko: How do you know‌
      Toph: Because I once had a long conversation with the guy and all he would
      talk about was you. (Zuko lowers his hood and smiles)
      Zuko: Really‌
      Toph: Yeah, and it was kind of annoying.
      Zuko: Oh, sorry.
      Toph: But it was also very sweet. (Cut to an area above Toph’s head as the
      camera slowly zooms in on a smiling and happy Zuko) All your Uncle wanted
      was for you to find your own path and see the light. Now you’re here with
      us. (Cut back to a frontal shot of them again) He’d be proud. (Toph
      proceeds to give him a punch on the shoulder)
      Zuko: Ow. (rubs his arm) What was that for‌
      Toph: (Cut to Toph who smiles) That’s how I show affection.

      (Cut to a side view of Zuko as the little boy exits from the same door
      again. He pauses in front of Zuko.)

      Little Boy: Your Zuko costume is pretty good but your scar’s (He points to
      the right side of his face as Zuko’s jaw drops in shock) on the wrong
      side.

      (He runs off screen as Zuko attempts to still his anger.)

      Zuko: The scar (points to his face) is not on the wrong side!

      (He brings up his hood again. Cut to an overhead shot of backstage as the
      actors rest and talk to each other. Camera pans down to the entrance of
      the backstage as Suki and Sokka appear at the doorway. Cut to a side view
      shot of the door as Suki and Sokka’s heads peek out.)

      Suki: (Sounds of footsteps come towards the doorway) He’s coming this way.

      (Cut to actor Sokka who is walking with his hand on his chin. Sokka
      swiftly pops into screen in front of him.)

      Actor Sokka: Can I help you‌
      Sokka: (Cut to actor Sokka’s point of view as Sokka smiles sweetly)
      Actually, I think I can help you. (points to actor Sokka) I’m a big Sokka
      fan but I don’t think you’re representing him quite as well as you could
      be. (Cut to a side view shot of the scene.)
      Actor Sokka: Oh no… (brings his hand to his head) another fan (turns and
      walks away) with ideas. (Sokka swiftly steps in front of him, blocking his
      path)
      Sokka: (He places both arms out in front of him) Just hear me out. Here’s
      something (He rummages through his belt and pulls up several cue cards) I
      think the real Sokka would say. (He shuffles through the cards and picks
      one card out from the pile and clears his throat) “What does the cabbage
      merchant use to fix his cabbages‌” (He smiles and thrusts his arms out in
      a ‘Ta-Dah’ motion) “A cabbage patch.”

      (Cut to a front shot of actor Sokka as Suki smacks her forehead behind
      him.)

      Actor Sokka: (He laughs and Suki is surprised) That’s actually pretty
      good. (Cut to a frontal shot of Sokka who smiles and offers the cue cards.
      Actor Sokka’s hands come into screen and take the tiny slips of paper.)
      Let me see those. (Cut to an area behind Sokka looking at the 3 of them)
      Haha. Rocky relationship. Not bad.
      Sokka: (Sokka ducks off screen and appears at actor Sokka’s side, holding
      his shoulder) Also, don’t be afraid to make up some phrases. (Both of them
      begin to walk off screen) Especially before an attack. Something like
      “Flying Kick-A-Pow!”
      Actor Sokka: (Cut to an area behind Suki’s legs looking at the 2 departing
      boys) Who are you, anyway‌
      Sokka: I’m just a guy who likes comedy.

      (Cut to the full Moon with some clouds passing by.)

      Aang: (off screen) Katara, (Cut to the back view of the 2) did you really
      mean what you said in there‌ (He turns, crosses his arms and leans back
      against the railing)
      Katara: (turns her head towards Aang) In where‌ What are you talking
      about‌
      Aang: (Cut to a close up of an irritated Aang) On stage. When you said
      (clenches his fist) I was just like a brother (throws his arms towards the
      theatre) to you and you didn’t have feelings for me. (he place his hand on
      his chest)
      Katara: (Cut to a close up back view of the 2 as Katara turns her body
      towards Aang) I didn’t say that. An actor (She gestures her arms towards
      the theatre) said that. (She places her right hand against her left elbow)

      Aang: But it’s true, isn’t it‌ (Cut to a close up of a depressed Aang) We
      kissed at the invasion and I thought we were going to be together but
      we’re not.
      Katara: (Cut to an area above Aang’s head as an unsure Katara turns back
      to the ocean) Aang, (shakes her head) I don’t know.
      Aang: Why don’t you know‌
      Katara: (seriously) Because we’re in the middle of a war and (folds her
      arms and looks towards the theatre) we have other things to worry about.
      This isn’t the right time.
      Aang: (Cut to a close up of an impatient Aang) Well, when is the right
      time‌
      Katara: (Cut to a close up of Katara who is deep in thought) Aang, I’m
      sorry but right now, (she tugs at her hair and closes her eyes) I’m just a
      little confused.

      (Cut back to Aang who looks to the side. Cut to a side view of Katara as
      Aang’s head appears on screen and he pecks her lips. Katara opens her eyes
      and takes a step back, shocked.)

      Katara: (annoyed) I just said that I was confused. (Cut to a confused
      Aang. Cut back to a visibly displeased Katara) I’m going inside.

      (She walks off screen. Cut to an area outside the railing behind Aang as
      Katara runs off.)

      Aang: (He turns his head towards the camera and raps his head several
      times) Argh! (He brings his head down to the railing) I’m such an idiot!

      (Cut to an overhead view of the Gaang’s viewing box as Aang enters the
      screen with his hat back on and sits in the same row as Sokka and Suki. He
      brings his knees up to his chest.)

      Sokka: (Camera pans out to a whispering Sokka) Here’s what you missed. (He
      counts the scenes with his fingers) We went to the Fire Nation and you got
      better and Katara was the Painted Lady (Cut to the back of Katara’s head
      as the camera slowly zooms in) and I got a sword and I think Combustion
      Man died. (Cut back to Sokka and Aang) Ooo look, The Invasion’s (Aang
      lowers his head down to his knees) about to start. Shh.

      (Cut to the back view of the audience in front of the stage looking at the
      scene where the submarines surface during The Invasion. Actresses Katara
      and Aang are standing on top of the submarine prop.)

      Actress Katara: I just want to let you know Aang, that I’ll always love
      you. (She places her hands across her heart. Cut to a close up of the 2
      actresses as she takes a deep breath.) Like a brother.
      Actress Aang: I wouldn’t want it (She swings her arm across her body
      happily) any other way.

      (They shake each other’s hands and nod in a friendly gesture. Actress Aang
      unfolds her mini glider and the rope pulls her up. Actress Katara waves
      goodbye. Cut to a frontal shot of Katara and Zuko with Aang behind them.
      Aang blushes at the scene and pulls his hat down while Katara looks away
      sadly. Cut to actress Katara and actors Sokka and Toph standing on the
      submarine looking around.)

      Actor Sokka: Hey Toph, would you say you and Aang have a rocky
      relationship‌

      (Cut to Suki and Sokka as the audience laughs off screen. Sokka goes
      ballistic and laughs to himself, grabbing his head and then grabbing Suki
      by her shoulders. Camera pans to the right to show Aang who buries his
      head completely in his arms.)

      Sokka: (Sokka lifts Aang’s hat up) I told him to say that.

      (He puts back the hat and Aang appears annoyed. Cut to the 3 actors on the
      submarine who appear bored except for actor Sokka.)

      Actor Sokka: I hope everyone’s ready for The Invasion. (thrusts his arms
      out in a stance) Slop-A-Pow!

      (Actress Katara and actor Toph are surprised by the line and the audience
      laughs off screen. Cut back to Sokka and Suki as Sokka once again laughs
      to himself and thumps his lap in approval. Suki looks at her boyfriend
      weirdly but smiles since he is enjoying himself. Cut to the back view of
      the audience in front of the stage as the curtain is drawn up. 2 black
      clad stagehands push the Fire Lord’s throne to the centre of the stage and
      run offstage as actress Katara and actor Toph and Sokka run on stage.
      Actress Aang gets lowered in front of the throne set decoration by a rope
      and the spotlight shines on her.)

      Actress Aang: We finally made it to the royal palace but no one’s home.

      (Actor Zuko walks onto stage.)

      Actor Zuko: Actually, (another spotlight shines on him) I’m home and (Cut
      to a close up of actor Zuko still in his Season 1 outfit but his hair is
      spiky.) I want to join you.
      Actor Sokka: (Cut to the “Gaang” with actor Sokka poised in an attacking
      position) I guess (he lowers his boomerang prop) we have no choice. Come
      on.

      (He gestures actor Zuko to fall him. Cut to a full view of the stage as
      everyone runs offstage while actress Aang gets pulled up. Cut to a far
      shot of the Gaang’s viewing box.)

      Sokka: I guess that’s it. (He stands up and stretches) The play’s caught
      up to the present now.
      Suki: Wait. (Cut to a close up of Suki as she tugs on Sokka’s shirt and
      drags him back down to his seat) The play’s not over.
      Sokka: But it is over. (He puts his hand on his chin in deep thought)
      Unless… (Camera zooms in on his face, his face lights up mysteriously and
      spooky music being to play) This is the future.

      (Cut to the pitch black stage as an evil looking actor Ozai walks out from
      the shadows with the light illuminating his face. His crown is too big and
      his beard appears to be glued on, giving it a stiff appearance.)

      Actor Ozai: With the energy harnessed (Cut to a full view of the stage
      with an orange lantern slowly being pulled across the stage above the
      throne) from that comet, no one will be able to stop the Fire Nation!
      Actress Azula: (Actress Azula comes into screen and kneels before the
      throne prop) Father, Zuko and the Avatar are at the palace. They’re (She
      points both arms offstage) trying to stop you. (She points towards actor
      Ozai)
      Actor Ozai: (Cut to a close up of Actor Ozai as he points towards actress
      Azula) You take care of Zuko. (He places a hand on his chest
      melodramatically) I shall face the Avatar myself.

      (Cut to a full view of the stage as actor Ozai raises his hands and he
      vanishes with a puff of smoke. Actress Azula stands up and moves to the
      centre of the stage as actor Zuko enters from the left side of the stage
      while actress Aang is lowered to the stage on the right.)

      Actor Zuko: Aang, you fight the Fire Lord, I’ll hold her off. (Actress
      Aang gets pulled up by the rope)
      Actress Azula: (Cut to a close up of actress Azula) You are no longer my
      brother. (clenches her hands) You are an enemy.
      Actor Zuko: (Cut to a close up of actor Zuko) No, (points towards actress
      Azula) I am the rightful heir to the throne!
      Actress Azula: (Cut back to actress Azula who smirks slyly) We’ll see.

      (She whips out her blue streamer and sends it towards actor Zuko. Cut to a
      full view of the stage as actor Zuko takes out his own red streamer and
      dodges the blue one. He jumps over actress Azula’s head, taking her spot
      while actress Azula runs towards actor Zuko’s original spot. They throw
      their streamers towards each other. Cut to a close up of actor Zuko as he
      throws out his 2 red streamers. Cut to a close up side view of actress
      Azula as she ducks and cut to a full view of the stage as she jumps over
      actor Zuko, returning back to their original positions.

      Cut to a close up frontal shot of actress Azula as she whips her streamers
      in arcs around her body and she stretches her palm out. Fake fire props
      made of paper pop up from the stage floor in front of her in increasing
      size towards actor Zuko. A huge fire prop comes up at actor Zuko’s side,
      hiding him from the audience but his silhouette can still seen. Actor Zuko
      raises his arms in pain.)

      Actor Zuko: (Cut to a close up of his silhouette as he drops to the floor)
      Honor!

      (Cut to an area behind actress Azula’s back to show actor Zuko being
      lowered through a trap door. She turns towards the audience and does a
      Fire Nation bow. Cut to the audience who cheer and applaud. Cut to a
      stunned Zuko. Camera zooms out to show the Gaang who are all shocked as
      they turn towards Zuko quizzically.

      Cut to a full view of the stage as the fake fire props come out from the
      sides to the centre. Cut to a close up of the fire props as actress Aang
      walks on stage, looking around carefully. Actor Ozai is sitting in the
      dark behind her.)

      Actor Ozai: (The spotlight shines on actor Ozai) So, (Actress Aang turns
      towards him) you have mastered all 4 elements‌
      Actress Aang: (points her staff towards actor Ozai) Yeah and now, (points
      her free hand down) you’re going down.
      Actor Ozai: (Cut to a close up of a lethal looking actor Ozai) No, it is
      you who are going down. (Cut to an area behind actress Aang’s legs looking
      at actor Ozai as he stands up) You see, you are too late. (Actress Aang
      acts shocked) The comet is already here and (Cut to a frightened Aang as
      he widens his eyes) I’m unstoppable.

      (Cut to a frontal shot of actor Ozai as he whips his red streamers out.
      Cut to a view of the stage as he throws it towards actress Aang and she
      jumps away. The streamers hit the floor in a puff of smoke. Cut to a close
      up of actress Aang as a white-blue flag pop up from both ends of her staff
      and she twirls the staff in arcs around her body. Cut to actor Ozai who is
      twirling the streamers around his body in arcs as well. He throws the
      streamers out but actress Aang flies over him, twirling her staff along
      the way.

      Cut to a close up of actress Aang’s back as she lands and she turns
      towards actor Ozai. Cut to full view of the scene as both actors twirl
      their prop weapons and walk towards each other. Actor Ozai throws his
      streamer out while actress Aang ducks and attempts to swipe her staff as
      actor Ozai’s legs. She jumps away from him and lands in a stance. Cut to
      actor Ozai who begins to shoot streamers from his sleeves. Cut to a side
      view of actress Aang and the rope pulls her up over actor Ozai as he
      continues to shoot more streamers but misses.

      Cut to a frontal shot of actress Aang as she lands on the other side of
      the stage. Cut to a close up of actor Ozai as he thrusts his palms out.
      Cut to a full view of the stage to show a large blast of fake fire carried
      across the stage rapidly from behind actor Ozai, wrapping around actress
      Aang like a sushi roll as she drops her staff prop. A black clad stagehand
      can be seen running offstage from behind the fake fire.)

      Actress Aang: (Cut to a close up of actress Aang who twirls and circles
      within the cloth) Nooo…

      (She falls off screen as the rope detaches from her back. Cut to an
      overhead shot of actress Aang as she falls to the ground gracefully and
      the cloth spreads out around her. Cut to a close up of a smiling actor
      Ozai. Camera pans to the left to show actress Azula walking onto stage.)

      Actress Azula: It is over, Father. (raises her arms victoriously) We’ve
      done it.
      Actor Ozai: (punches his hand into the air melodramatically) Yes, we have
      done it! (Cut to a full view of the stage as it gets surrounded by large
      cloths of fake fire) The dreams of my Father, (the platform he is standing
      on rises as a cloth of fake fire is raised behind him) and my Father’s
      Father have now been realized. (He throws his arms up and the Fire Nation
      banner unfurls behind him) The World (Cut to a close up of actor Ozai) is
      mine.

      (Cut to the audience who proceed to give him a standing ovation. Cut to
      the Gaang who look on speechlessly. Cut to an area behind actor Ozai as he
      remains in his victory pose and the camera slowly pans up to show the
      entire audience. Fade to an area in the sea looking at the theatre as the
      Gaang walks along the shore.)

      Zuko: That… wasn’t a good play. (Cut to frontal shot of the group as they
      walk off screen in single file with Zuko in the lead. All of them have
      unhappy looks on their faces)
      Aang: I’ll say.
      Katara: No kidding.
      Suki: Horrible.
      Toph: You said it.
      Sokka: But the effects (waves his arms out matter-of-factly) were decent.

      (He and Suki walk off screen. Fade to white.)

      [End Credits]
    </div>

=== "中文"

    <div class="script">
    第十七回
餘燼島劇團

24
00:01:31,550 --&gt; 00:01:35,926
你不觉得怪怪的吗？咱们居然在烈火王的行宫中躲避他

25
00:01:35,926 --&gt; 00:01:39,940
我已說過，自從與家人不再和睦
父皇就再也没有来过这里了

26
00:01:39,978 --&gt; 00:01:41,418
是很久以前的事了

27
00:01:41,418 --&gt; 00:01:44,585
况且最危险的地方往往却是最安全的地方

28
00:01:44,585 --&gt; 00:01:46,389
你們肯定不會相信的

29
00:01:46,389 --&gt; 00:01:48,364
居然有出關於咱們的話劇

30
00:01:48,364 --&gt; 00:01:51,325
我們剛才在城里發現了這张海報

31
00:01:51,325 --&gt; 00:01:54,127
甚麼？這怎可能啊？

32
00:01:54,127 --&gt; 00:01:55,337
聽著

33
00:01:55,373 --&gt; 00:01:59,143
“冰山上的男孩”是剧作家“浦安添”先生的最新剧作

34
00:01:59,143 --&gt; 00:02:02,445
从冰冷的南极到永固城的腹地，“浦安添”都亲临现场

35
00:02:02,445 --&gt; 00:02:05,271
为您搜罗神通的第一手资讯

36
00:02:05,271 --&gt; 00:02:08,543
他的创作得到了游吟旅者，海盗，战犯

37
00:02:08,543 --&gt; 00:02:11,231
以及一位知识极其渊博的卷心菜商人的大力协助
（终于知道谁是赞助商了 _ _U）

38
00:02:11,231 --&gt; 00:02:14,574
余烬岛剧团邀您共赏 敬请批评指正

39
00:02:14,574 --&gt; 00:02:17,829
啊…媽媽以前常帶我們去看

40
00:02:17,829 --&gt; 00:02:20,917
每年演的都是勇士与龙怪兽之间的爱情故事

41
00:02:20,917 --&gt; 00:02:26,027
索卡，你不是真想去看关于咱们的话剧吧？

42
00:02:26,027 --&gt; 00:02:28,085
喂，这可是歌劇院一日遊啊

43
00:02:28,085 --&gt; 00:02:31,145
我一直都在怀念这种啥也不干的休闲时光

44
00:02:42,605 --&gt; 00:02:44,175
嘿，呃...

45
00:02:44,175 --&gt; 00:02:45,702
我原本想坐這兒的

46
00:02:45,702 --&gt; 00:02:47,714
就坐我旁边吧，有啥大不了的？

47
00:02:47,714 --&gt; 00:02:52,580
我只是…我想…好吧

48
00:02:52,580 --&gt; 00:02:55,642
為何咱們要坐在瞭望區呀？

49
00:02:55,642 --&gt; 00:02:57,664
在這兒，我雙腳可甚麼也看不到

50
00:02:57,664 --&gt; 00:03:00,510
不用擔心，我不会让你的脚错过精彩情节的

51
00:03:10,086 --&gt; 00:03:16,342
索卡，我唯一的哥哥啊，
我们总是在这结冰的南极海上徜徉

52
00:03:16,342 --&gt; 00:03:19,673
可咋总是找不到让我有感觉的东东呢？
（是芙蓉大姐吗？）

53
00:03:19,673 --&gt; 00:03:24,178
我的胃早就没有感觉了，我都快饿扁了

54
00:03:28,635 --&gt; 00:03:31,377
你脑子里除了吃还有啥？

55
00:03:31,377 --&gt; 00:03:36,397
能把脑袋里想的东西拿出来充饥就好了，饿死我了

56
00:03:36,397 --&gt; 00:03:38,506
這簡直糟透了

57
00:03:38,506 --&gt; 00:03:40,568
我的笑話比這有趣多了

58
00:03:42,630 --&gt; 00:03:44,484
他还真的抓住了你的精髓呢

59
00:03:44,484 --&gt; 00:03:50,204
理想世界每一天都在引領著我們靠近，但它仍未現形

60
00:03:50,204 --&gt; 00:03:52,571
不過，我們仍不能放棄希望

61
00:03:52,571 --&gt; 00:03:55,844
我们所剩的也只有希望而已了

62
00:03:55,844 --&gt; 00:04:01,241
只要一息尚存... 我們決不可放弃

63
00:04:03,800 --&gt; 00:04:05,818
演技這麼差

64
00:04:05,818 --&gt; 00:04:07,002
她和我到底有哪点像啊

65
00:04:08,688 --&gt; 00:04:11,010
這編劇是個曠世奇才!

66
00:04:14,675 --&gt; 00:04:17,686
好像有人被冰封著

67
00:04:17,686 --&gt; 00:04:20,019
看上去已经上百年了

68
00:04:20,019 --&gt; 00:04:23,945
是誰？冰山中的男孩是誰啊？

69
00:04:25,385 --&gt; 00:04:27,814
御水術，嘿，吔！

70
00:04:36,212 --&gt; 00:04:38,628
冰男孩，你誰啊？

71
00:04:40,000 --&gt; 00:04:41,825
蠢才，我不就是降世神通囉

72
00:04:41,825 --&gt; 00:04:43,914
我是喜悦与欢乐的化身

73
00:04:43,914 --&gt; 00:04:46,902
等等，扮演我的是個女人嗎？

74
00:04:56,001 --&gt; 00:05:00,330
噢，是個氣宗，你点燃了我心中的希望啊

75
00:05:00,330 --&gt; 00:05:02,688
我的泪花儿夺眶而出哟

76
00:05:05,877 --&gt; 00:05:08,059
我肚子里还是空荡荡哟

77
00:05:08,059 --&gt; 00:05:10,281
饿得我也是泪花滚滚哟

78
00:05:10,281 --&gt; 00:05:13,647
我要吃肉肉

79
00:05:13,647 --&gt; 00:05:18,162
等等，那里好像有一盘肉饺子

80
00:05:18,162 --&gt; 00:05:19,890
噢，哪裡？哪裡？

81
00:05:22,513 --&gt; 00:05:25,817
没跟你说过吗？ 我可是个人见人爱的调皮蛋呢

82
00:05:26,961 --&gt; 00:05:28,439
我哪那样过啊

83
00:05:28,439 --&gt; 00:05:30,184
我哪像那個樣子啊

84
00:05:30,184 --&gt; 00:05:31,600
我可不是女的！

85
00:05:31,600 --&gt; 00:05:35,847
哦，他们逮到你的精髓了

86
00:05:40,800 --&gt; 00:05:44,271
祖寇王子，你一定要嚐嚐這个蛋糕

87
00:05:44,271 --&gt; 00:05:47,111
我可不想弄脏我的脸

88
00:05:47,111 --&gt; 00:05:49,777
我一定要捕獲神通以恢復我的榮耀

89
00:05:50,216 --&gt; 00:05:52,442
神通是嘛，你自己抓好了

90
00:05:52,442 --&gt; 00:05:55,057
我只管抓我的蛋糕就行了

91
00:05:55,057 --&gt; 00:05:57,722
你可真让我反胃

92
00:05:57,722 --&gt; 00:06:00,339
他们把我这个角色弄的一点幽默感都没有

93
00:06:00,339 --&gt; 00:06:03,227
其實，我覺得他演技頗為精湛呢

94
00:06:03,227 --&gt; 00:06:05,177
你怎可以這樣說？

95
00:06:05,177 --&gt; 00:06:09,350
忘了神通吧，咱俩没事去按个摩啥的多好

96
00:06:09,350 --&gt; 00:06:11,141
你怎可以這樣說？

97
00:06:17,975 --&gt; 00:06:21,083
嘿，瞧啊，那里好像有什么东西

98
00:06:25,193 --&gt; 00:06:27,340
是一隻飞天兔猴呀

99
00:06:27,340 --&gt; 00:06:29,736
我就叫他模模吧

100
00:06:31,846 --&gt; 00:06:34,773
嗨，各位，我愛你们

101
00:06:41,784 --&gt; 00:06:44,733
這裝束让我的屁股显得很大，对吧？

102
00:06:48,335 --&gt; 00:06:55,225
猜谜单挑不通过，休想打从本城走

103
00:07:10,053 --&gt; 00:07:13,115
為啥你要偷去這本御水天书？

104
00:07:14,067 --&gt; 00:07:17,262
这卷轴让我的希望重生啊

105
00:07:23,453 --&gt; 00:07:25,356
神通是屬於我的

106
00:07:25,356 --&gt; 00:07:27,530
等等，来者何人？

107
00:07:27,530 --&gt; 00:07:34,342
我是藍魔，烈火國的剋星，特来搭救神通

108
00:07:40,369 --&gt; 00:07:41,820
我的救星

109
00:07:54,691 --&gt; 00:07:56,519
寶貝，別哭

110
00:07:56,519 --&gt; 00:08:00,128
我杰将会为你除掉这肮脏的城镇的

111
00:08:03,301 --&gt; 00:08:07,720
噢，杰，你真壞哦

112
00:08:11,628 --&gt; 00:08:17,157
看看，這是大鴻溝，土強國最大的峽谷

113
00:08:18,416 --&gt; 00:08:20,440
唉，繼續飛啦

114
00:08:22,269 --&gt; 00:08:27,772
月姬，不要離我而去啊
你是唯一能让我忘却食物的女人

115
00:08:29,377 --&gt; 00:08:32,783
等一等，你晚饭吃的是盐渍鱼吗？

116
00:08:32,783 --&gt; 00:08:36,980
别了，索卡，我有一堆琐碎的任务要完成

117
00:08:37,838 --&gt; 00:08:41,220
对了，没错，我的确吃了盐渍鱼

118
00:08:42,078 --&gt; 00:08:45,303
你怎么没跟我说过你和月神的罗曼史啊

119
00:08:45,303 --&gt; 00:08:47,477
噓，我在用心看呢

120
00:08:56,997 --&gt; 00:09:02,336
降世神通回來拯救天下了，耶！

121
00:09:16,557 --&gt; 00:09:19,535
到目前为止，除了气氛好，找不出这剧还有什么优点

122
00:09:19,535 --&gt; 00:09:23,954
编剧明显把我写成了一个白痴
好像我只会说关于肉的冷笑话似的

123
00:09:23,954 --&gt; 00:09:27,806
嗯，你還懂得在其他場合說冷笑話嘛

124
00:09:27,806 --&gt; 00:09:28,961
還用你說

125
00:09:28,961 --&gt; 00:09:31,661
至少那個演員跟你有幾分相似

126
00:09:31,661 --&gt; 00:09:34,725
那個演神通的女人根本與我風馬牛不相及

127
00:09:34,725 --&gt; 00:09:39,020
我不知道，不过你好像比其他人更具女性特质

128
00:09:39,020 --&gt; 00:09:42,895
别紧张，只不过是戏说而已

129
00:09:42,895 --&gt; 00:09:49,026
我哪点像那个只会把希望挂在嘴边
成天哭天抹泪的说教狂啊（不像？）

130
00:09:50,310 --&gt; 00:09:52,212
咋啦？

131
00:09:52,212 --&gt; 00:09:54,720
嗯，和你一点也不像

132
00:09:54,720 --&gt; 00:09:56,055
聽著，朋友們

133
00:09:56,055 --&gt; 00:09:58,759
顯然那個編劇是做足了功课

134
00:09:58,759 --&gt; 00:10:03,005
这句话可能有点伤人，不过
舞台上的角色身上真的有你们的影子

135
00:10:03,005 --&gt; 00:10:07,045
好了，咱們到了土強國囉

136
00:10:07,045 --&gt; 00:10:11,650
我最好到四周转一转，看看能否找到一位御土術师傅

137
00:10:11,650 --&gt; 00:10:14,534
到了，终于该我出场了

138
00:10:17,830 --&gt; 00:10:23,960
我飞遍了整座城也没找到半个御土术师傅

139
00:10:23,960 --&gt; 00:10:25,693
來了

140
00:10:25,693 --&gt; 00:10:28,892
“飞天”是找不到御土术师傅的

141
00:10:28,892 --&gt; 00:10:30,460
你必须“入地”才可以

142
00:10:32,201 --&gt; 00:10:33,292
你是誰？

143
00:10:33,292 --&gt; 00:10:37,480
叫我拓芙，人如其名
(tough有堅韌、結實、剛強的意思)

144
00:10:37,480 --&gt; 00:10:39,107
这名字够硬朗吧

145
00:10:39,107 --&gt; 00:10:45,575
等等，听起来扮演我的是个男的，好像还很壮是吧

146
00:10:45,575 --&gt; 00:10:48,491
没错，托芙，你所聽到的都是真相

147
00:10:48,491 --&gt; 00:10:49,775
这话有点伤人，不是吗？

148
00:10:49,775 --&gt; 00:10:50,762
少开玩笑了

149
00:10:50,762 --&gt; 00:10:53,196
能找到人来演我就已经不错了

150
00:10:53,809 --&gt; 00:10:56,538
总比那个飞来飞去的光头女强多了

151
00:10:58,656 --&gt; 00:11:01,204
这么说，你是盲人咯？

152
00:11:02,784 --&gt; 00:11:04,700
你做什么我都知道

153
00:11:04,700 --&gt; 00:11:09,036
你所看到的，我也能夠看得一清二楚
只不过我们看的方式不同罢了

154
00:11:09,036 --&gt; 00:11:11,431
我的嘴可以放出声波

155
00:11:18,316 --&gt; 00:11:21,093
这样就能看到你们了
（您老人家还真像蝙蝠哟~）

156
00:11:25,726 --&gt; 00:11:30,003
祖寇，咱们得说道说道你的头型了

157
00:11:30,003 --&gt; 00:11:31,770
一个男生留那么长头发干嘛

158
00:11:31,770 --&gt; 00:11:35,375
咱们还是分道扬镳，各走各路吧

159
00:11:39,635 --&gt; 00:11:42,468
阿祖拉，我的皇妹，你在這裡幹嗎？

160
00:11:42,468 --&gt; 00:11:44,013
你捉到我了

161
00:11:44,013 --&gt; 00:11:45,965
且慢，那是什么？

162
00:11:45,965 --&gt; 00:11:48,042
那不是你的荣耀吗？

163
00:11:48,042 --&gt; 00:11:49,213
哪兒啊？

164
00:11:50,385 --&gt; 00:11:53,055
給她逃了…但她是如何做到的？

165
00:11:58,303 --&gt; 00:12:02,553
如果她繼續鑽，這牆早晚會塌下来

166
00:12:05,161 --&gt; 00:12:12,509
哈哈！是啊，繼續鑽吧，看永固城你们还能守住多久

167
00:12:28,392 --&gt; 00:12:31,546
杰，不要啊，他們對你做了些甚麼？

168
00:12:31,546 --&gt; 00:12:35,446
一定要…守護…土強王…

169
00:12:37,348 --&gt; 00:12:42,178
呀…一定要…破壞…呀…

170
00:12:50,499 --&gt; 00:12:52,807
杰是否真的…死了？

171
00:12:52,807 --&gt; 00:12:55,129
這是一個不解之謎

172
00:12:55,129 --&gt; 00:13:00,896
祖寇王子，跟你说实话吧，我发现你老有吸引力了

173
00:13:00,896 --&gt; 00:13:03,071
少跟我没事套近乎

174
00:13:03,071 --&gt; 00:13:05,396
俺是说真的

175
00:13:05,396 --&gt; 00:13:09,075
自從被你捸著的那天開始，我就一直留意你

176
00:13:11,087 --&gt; 00:13:14,160
等等，我以為你是神通的女友

177
00:13:15,271 --&gt; 00:13:20,448
怎麼會，他就像我的小弟弟一樣

178
00:13:20,448 --&gt; 00:13:24,622
俺俩之间不来电的

179
00:13:25,698 --&gt; 00:13:29,947
放心，他不会知道咱俩的事的

180
00:13:31,999 --&gt; 00:13:33,540
哦，你要出去吗?

181
00:13:33,540 --&gt; 00:13:35,991
给我捎点“烈焰玉米片”回来呗？

182
00:13:37,546 --&gt; 00:13:39,818
哦，别忘了“烈焰年糕”！

183
00:13:42,485 --&gt; 00:13:48,671
那个，皇兄啊，是做护国功臣
还是当叛臣贼子，你自己选吧

184
00:13:51,352 --&gt; 00:13:54,202
当叛臣贼子吧，听上去就很好玩

185
00:13:55,876 --&gt; 00:13:57,435
不是吧

186
00:14:01,907 --&gt; 00:14:03,560
我恨你，皇叔

187
00:14:03,560 --&gt; 00:14:07,262
你这个臭老头，我一直都恨你入骨

188
00:14:10,351 --&gt; 00:14:12,583
你不會真的這樣說了，是嗎？

189
00:14:12,583 --&gt; 00:14:14,336
真希望我没那么说过

190
00:14:35,166 --&gt; 00:14:37,448
神通狀態，駕，駕
（这都是那跟哪啊？）

191
00:14:46,136 --&gt; 00:14:49,169
讓我的雷電來為你加把勁吧

192
00:14:58,774 --&gt; 00:15:02,243
从此再也没有什么降世神通了

193
00:15:07,461 --&gt; 00:15:11,505
好像你们每逢大战都被人家打的落花流水啊

194
00:15:11,505 --&gt; 00:15:13,416
你们真是百战百输啊

195
00:15:13,416 --&gt; 00:15:18,099
苏琪，少说风凉话，也不知道是谁
被阿祖拉抓走了，是你吧，不是吗？

196
00:15:18,099 --&gt; 00:15:21,424
你不要逼我对你残忍哦

197
00:15:21,424 --&gt; 00:15:23,079
我只是說說罷了

198
00:15:23,079 --&gt; 00:15:24,868
有沒人知道安昂去了那兒？

199
00:15:24,868 --&gt; 00:15:29,165
他十分钟前就应该买“烈焰年糕”
给我，可是现在还不见人影

200
00:15:30,003 --&gt; 00:15:31,225
我去外面找找看

201
00:15:41,197 --&gt; 00:15:42,544
你没事吧？

202
00:15:42,544 --&gt; 00:15:45,817
不，有事，我恨死这部话剧了

203
00:15:45,817 --&gt; 00:15:49,927
你的苦恼我很了解，不过你好像有点反应过度了

204
00:15:49,927 --&gt; 00:15:51,312
我反應過度？！

205
00:15:51,312 --&gt; 00:15:55,438
如果當初我沒有堵塞我的脉轮
早就能自由进出神通形态了

206
00:16:01,277 --&gt; 00:16:03,961
苏琪，能让我混进后台吗？

207
00:16:03,961 --&gt; 00:16:06,193
我準備了一些笑話給那個飾演我的傢伙

208
00:16:06,193 --&gt; 00:16:11,747
我可是位训练有素的武士首领

209
00:16:11,747 --&gt; 00:16:14,340
让你混入后台简直就是小菜一碟

210
00:16:16,495 --&gt; 00:16:19,719
咦，大家好像都不满意自己角色

211
00:16:19,719 --&gt; 00:16:22,865
你也比平时消沉的多，变得蔫声不语的

212
00:16:22,865 --&gt; 00:16:24,241
你不了解我的感受

213
00:16:24,241 --&gt; 00:16:25,524
我与你不同

214
00:16:25,524 --&gt; 00:16:30,923
扮演你的那个大块头一次就
撂倒十个坏蛋，与你的情形相符

215
00:16:30,923 --&gt; 00:16:32,961
是啊，我很满意

216
00:16:32,961 --&gt; 00:16:38,241
可对于我来说，看这部剧
就像在回顾今生所有我做过的错事

217
00:16:38,241 --&gt; 00:16:41,498
皇叔他一直在我背后支持我

218
00:16:41,498 --&gt; 00:16:44,262
不管事情变得多遭，他一直对我不离不弃

219
00:16:44,262 --&gt; 00:16:49,667
他对我倾囊相授，我却在背后捅了他一刀

220
00:16:49,667 --&gt; 00:16:54,004
我真的后悔极了，我永远也不会原谅自己的

221
00:16:54,004 --&gt; 00:16:56,891
你的皇叔早就已经原谅你了

222
00:16:56,891 --&gt; 00:16:59,707
你沒有領悟到，但其實你早已經做到了

223
00:16:59,707 --&gt; 00:17:00,693
你怎么会知道？

224
00:17:00,693 --&gt; 00:17:05,717
因为我之前与他偶遇，我们聊了很久
他跟我聊的都是关于你的事

225
00:17:05,717 --&gt; 00:17:07,248
真的？

226
00:17:07,248 --&gt; 00:17:09,481
没错，他不停的念叨你，真的挺烦的

227
00:17:09,481 --&gt; 00:17:10,801
哦，抱歉

228
00:17:10,801 --&gt; 00:17:12,997
不过却也十分的可爱

229
00:17:12,997 --&gt; 00:17:17,218
你的皇叔一心希望你能找到自己的康庄大道，走上正途

230
00:17:17,218 --&gt; 00:17:18,910
現在，你與咱們同行

231
00:17:18,910 --&gt; 00:17:20,513
他会以你为傲的

232
00:17:21,878 --&gt; 00:17:24,292
喲！你这是干嘛啊？

233
00:17:24,292 --&gt; 00:17:26,281
這是我表達情感的方式

234
00:17:28,077 --&gt; 00:17:30,421
你这套祖寇的装扮不赖嘛

235
00:17:30,421 --&gt; 00:17:32,021
不过你的疤好像画错了位置

236
00:17:33,635 --&gt; 00:17:35,377
這個疤痕位置才是正宗呀

237
00:17:43,435 --&gt; 00:17:45,115
他朝这边来了

238
00:17:46,698 --&gt; 00:17:48,348
我有甚麼可以幫你？

239
00:17:48,348 --&gt; 00:17:51,485
事實上，我認為我倒可以幫你

240
00:17:51,485 --&gt; 00:17:55,858
我是索卡的粉丝，我觉得
你对这个角色的诠释还欠些火候

241
00:17:55,858 --&gt; 00:17:58,559
哦，不要啊，又来一个瞎提意见的粉丝

242
00:17:58,559 --&gt; 00:17:59,930
你听我说

243
00:17:59,930 --&gt; 00:18:02,932
这里有些话，我想真正的索卡定會這樣說的

244
00:18:02,932 --&gt; 00:18:06,711
知道卷心菜鸟用什么来修补卷心菜吗？

245
00:18:06,711 --&gt; 00:18:08,995
卷心菜地！
（patch有补丁的意思）

246
00:18:10,774 --&gt; 00:18:12,995
你还真有一套啊

247
00:18:12,995 --&gt; 00:18:13,970
都讓我看看吧

248
00:18:15,554 --&gt; 00:18:19,403
哈哈... 情比“石”坚，不錯

249
00:18:19,403 --&gt; 00:18:24,256
还有，在进攻之前可以
随意发挥自由造句，效果一定不错

250
00:18:24,256 --&gt; 00:18:27,167
就像…凌空飞踢

251
00:18:27,167 --&gt; 00:18:28,575
你到底何方神聖？

252
00:18:28,575 --&gt; 00:18:31,108
我只是一個鍾愛喜劇的人

253
00:18:31,108 --&gt; 00:18:35,121
卡塔拉，你在那裡所說的都是你的心底話嗎？

254
00:18:35,121 --&gt; 00:18:37,600
在哪裡？你在說甚麼？

255
00:18:37,600 --&gt; 00:18:42,106
在舞台上，你說在你眼中的我只是一個弟弟罷了

256
00:18:42,106 --&gt; 00:18:44,391
你对我一点感觉也没有

257
00:18:44,391 --&gt; 00:18:45,638
我可沒有那么說過啊

258
00:18:45,638 --&gt; 00:18:47,105
是那個女演員說的

259
00:18:47,105 --&gt; 00:18:48,857
但這是真的，是嗎？

260
00:18:48,857 --&gt; 00:18:52,993
入侵的时候我们接吻了
我原以為咱們注定是要在一起的

261
00:18:52,993 --&gt; 00:18:54,190
但咱們卻沒有

262
00:18:54,190 --&gt; 00:18:57,040
安昂，我不知道

263
00:18:57,040 --&gt; 00:18:59,001
你怎會不知道？

264
00:18:59,001 --&gt; 00:19:03,102
因為當時咱們身處戰火之中
还有许多事需要我们来操心

265
00:19:03,102 --&gt; 00:19:05,140
現在還不是談這個問題的時候

266
00:19:05,140 --&gt; 00:19:07,164
那甚麼時候才合適啊？

267
00:19:07,164 --&gt; 00:19:11,841
對不起，安昂，我现在还没有整理好情绪

268
00:19:16,224 --&gt; 00:19:19,334
不是和你说过了吗，我还没有整理好

269
00:19:20,554 --&gt; 00:19:23,515
我回去了

270
00:19:26,439 --&gt; 00:19:28,689
啊，我真是个蠢才！

271
00:19:34,195 --&gt; 00:19:37,717
聽聽你錯過了甚麼，我們進入烈火國、你逐渐康复了

272
00:19:37,717 --&gt; 00:19:42,399
卡塔拉是彩紋仙女、我拿到寶劍、烈焰男被收拾掉了

273
00:19:42,399 --&gt; 00:19:45,459
噢，看啊，入侵行動就要開始啦，噓

274
00:19:46,251 --&gt; 00:19:53,292
安昂，我只想讓你知道
我会永遠愛你的，就像爱我的弟弟一样

275
00:19:53,292 --&gt; 00:19:56,207
若是其他形式爱我的話，我可不會接受啊

276
00:20:06,665 --&gt; 00:20:11,934
嘿，托芙，听说你和安昂之间真是情比“石”坚啊

277
00:20:14,557 --&gt; 00:20:16,497
我叫他這樣說的！

278
00:20:17,133 --&gt; 00:20:21,260
大家准备好开始侵入行动了吧…飞天掌！

279
00:20:29,517 --&gt; 00:20:32,569
我们终于攻进皇宫了

280
00:20:32,569 --&gt; 00:20:34,221
人都哪去了呢？

281
00:20:34,221 --&gt; 00:20:36,191
我在

282
00:20:36,191 --&gt; 00:20:38,071
我想加入你們

283
00:20:38,071 --&gt; 00:20:41,291
我想我們別無選擇了，來吧

284
00:20:43,417 --&gt; 00:20:45,051
应该结束了吧

285
00:20:45,051 --&gt; 00:20:47,150
已经演到当下了

286
00:20:47,150 --&gt; 00:20:49,163
且慢，還有下文

287
00:20:49,163 --&gt; 00:20:53,389
应该结束了才对…莫非…接下来演的就是未来的事吗？

288
00:20:56,229 --&gt; 00:21:03,715
拥有了彗星赐予的能量，再也没有人能够阻止火宗了

289
00:21:03,715 --&gt; 00:21:07,138
父皇，祖寇和神通杀进宫里来了

290
00:21:07,138 --&gt; 00:21:08,646
他們要阻止你

291
00:21:09,762 --&gt; 00:21:11,761
你去關照一下祖寇

292
00:21:11,761 --&gt; 00:21:15,301
我來親自對付神通

293
00:21:20,434 --&gt; 00:21:24,595
安昂，你去找烈火王，我设法拖住她

294
00:21:25,639 --&gt; 00:21:30,081
你已不再是我的皇兄了，你是敵人

295
00:21:30,081 --&gt; 00:21:34,871
不，我才是如假包換的王位承繼人

296
00:21:34,871 --&gt; 00:21:37,785
咱們走著瞧

297
00:21:49,519 --&gt; 00:21:51,397
噢，不要啊！

298
00:22:04,362 --&gt; 00:22:08,764
这么说你經已掌握四大元素了嗎？

299
00:22:08,764 --&gt; 00:22:11,443
嗯，現在，你準備受死啦

300
00:22:11,443 --&gt; 00:22:16,334
不，要死的人是你

301
00:22:16,334 --&gt; 00:22:19,569
你知道嗎？你遲來一步了

302
00:22:19,569 --&gt; 00:22:24,867
彗星經已降臨，我已经天下无敌了

303
00:22:46,704 --&gt; 00:22:57,199
不！

304
00:22:57,836 --&gt; 00:23:01,034
一切都搞定了，父皇，大事已成

305
00:23:01,034 --&gt; 00:23:04,161
没错，咱們成功了

306
00:23:04,161 --&gt; 00:23:10,828
我的爸爸，還有我的爸爸的
爸爸的心願，現在终于實現了

307
00:23:10,828 --&gt; 00:23:15,080
天下是我的了

308
00:23:25,346 --&gt; 00:23:27,698
这出戏真不怎么样

309
00:23:27,698 --&gt; 00:23:28,870
还用说

310
00:23:28,870 --&gt; 00:23:29,870
那可不是

311
00:23:29,870 --&gt; 00:23:31,914
-烂透了   -简直了

312
00:23:31,914 --&gt; 00:23:33,728
不過那些舞台特效挺像樣的

313
00:23:33,728 --&gt; 00:23:39,837
-=未完待续=-
英语字幕听录/翻译：英麟
校译：阿土  英麟       时间轴：阿土
http://blog.sina.com.cn/tucity
本字幕仅为个人学习之用，请勿用作商业用途

1
00:00:00,850 --&gt; 00:00:01,624
水善国

2
00:00:03,027 --&gt; 00:00:04,425
土强国

3
00:00:04,841 --&gt; 00:00:06,528
火烈国

4
00:00:06,924 --&gt; 00:00:07,996
气和国

5
00:00:09,389 --&gt; 00:00:12,833
很久以前，这四大国和谐共处

6
00:00:13,316 --&gt; 00:00:17,321
然而，烈火国发起的战争结束了和平

7
00:00:17,744 --&gt; 00:00:21,538
只有同时掌握四种元素的降世神通才能结束战争

8
00:00:21,539 --&gt; 00:00:24,845
然而在大家最需要他的时候，他却消失了

9
00:00:25,221 --&gt; 00:00:28,613
100年后，我和哥哥发现了转世的降世神通

10
00:00:28,987 --&gt; 00:00:30,855
他是个御气师，名叫“安昂”

11
00:00:30,890 --&gt; 00:00:33,263
尽管他的御气术着实了得

12
00:00:33,298 --&gt; 00:00:35,924
在拯救苍生之前，他要学的还有很多

13
00:00:36,923 --&gt; 00:00:39,916
但是我坚信 安昂能拯救这个世界

14
00:00:40,089 --&gt; 00:00:44,875
-=降世神通=-
最后的气宗
英语字幕听录：英麟
翻译：Tucity http://blog.sina.com.cn/tucity
校对：阿土 英麟
时间轴：花与虫 http://bugsandflowers.blogspot.com
本字幕仅为个人学习之用，请勿用作商业用途

15
00:00:45,718 --&gt; 00:00:47,870
降世神通 前情提要

16
00:00:49,484 --&gt; 00:00:52,645
你已经掌握四大元素了嗎？

17
00:00:52,645 --&gt; 00:00:55,630
没错，现在，你准备受死吧

18
00:00:55,630 --&gt; 00:00:59,715
不，要死的人是你

19
00:00:59,715 --&gt; 00:01:05,312
彗星已经降临，我已经天下无敌了

20
00:01:05,402 --&gt; 00:01:08,843
神通状态是一个防御机制

21
00:01:08,843 --&gt; 00:01:14,968
是为了你能够贯通前世的技能与知识而创

22
00:01:14,974 --&gt; 00:01:19,145
当你与所有的前世合体时就会发光

23
00:01:19,145 --&gt; 00:01:23,030
他们的功力就会注入你的躯体

24
00:01:23,030 --&gt; 00:01:26,296
我能感到很多能量在周围交汇

25
00:01:26,296 --&gt; 00:01:28,765
让我看看我能不能...

26
00:01:31,318 --&gt; 00:01:37,594
几世之前的恩怨如今能否被解决，完全取决于你

27
00:01:37,594 --&gt; 00:01:45,916
你与生俱来特质，正是让这世界恢复平衡的终极力量

28
00:01:45,987 --&gt; 00:01:49,373
今日离开之后，我要去天牢救出皇叔

29
00:01:49,373 --&gt; 00:01:51,844
我要乞求他的原谅

30
00:01:51,844 --&gt; 00:01:54,917
我还做了一个更重要的决定

31
00:01:54,917 --&gt; 00:01:59,238
我要加入降世神通，我要帮助他战胜你

32
00:01:59,238 --&gt; 00:02:02,740
-我皇叔哪去了？       -他把自己劫走了

33
00:02:02,740 --&gt; 00:02:05,288
索卡，是你啊

34
00:02:06,960 --&gt; 00:02:10,912
入侵的时候我们接吻了
我原以为我们注定是要在一起的

35
00:02:10,912 --&gt; 00:02:12,397
但我们却没有

36
00:02:12,397 --&gt; 00:02:15,453
安昂，我不知道

37
00:02:15,453 --&gt; 00:02:20,580
你失算了，我对祖寇的爱胜于对你的恐惧

38
00:02:20,580 --&gt; 00:02:24,406
不，失算的是你，你对我的恐惧还远远不够

39
00:02:30,834 --&gt; 00:02:33,112
你之前说得没错

40
00:02:33,112 --&gt; 00:02:35,356
暴力并不是卡塔拉所需要的

41
00:02:35,356 --&gt; 00:02:36,627
暴力永远都不是解决问题的方法

42
00:02:36,627 --&gt; 00:02:38,968
那我倒有个问题要问你了

43
00:02:39,635 --&gt; 00:02:41,946
与我父皇碰面的时候，你会怎么做？

44
00:02:44,214 --&gt; 00:02:49,521
第三卷
火
    </div>
