# S03E19 - Sozin’s Comet, Part 2: The Old Masters

**Languages:** English / 中文

=== "English"

    <div class="script">
          Sozin’s Comet, Part 2: The Old Masters

      Written By: Aaron Ehasz
      Directed By: Giancarlo Volpe
      Storyboard By: Michael Chang, Johane Matte, Juan Meza-Leon, Yu, Jae Myung,
      Seung Hyun Oh, Giancarlo Volpe
      Animation By: Moi Animation
      Transcriber: Icy_Ashford

      [Introduction sequence]

      Act I

      (Episode opens up to the outside of the Earth Kingdom tavern at night. Cut
      to inside the tavern as the group look at June kicking an empty seat into
      a comfortable position before sitting down and taking a sip from her cup.)

      Sokka: Hey, I remember her. She helped you attack us!
      Zuko: Yup, back in the good old days. (Zuko walks off screen. Cut to a
      wide shot of the table as the group walks towards June.)
      June: Oh great, (refilling her cup) it’s Prince Pouty. Where’s your creepy
      grandpa‌
      Zuko: He’s my Uncle, and he’s not here.
      June: (looking at Zuko and Katara and smirking) I see you worked things
      out with your girlfriend.

      (Both Zuko and Katara blush with sweat drop expressions on their faces and
      protest simultaneously.)

      Katara: I’m not his girlfriend!
      Zuko: She’s not my girlfriend!
      June: Okay, okay, (puts a hand out) sheesh. I was only teasing. So what
      you want‌
      Zuko: I need your help finding the Avatar.
      June: Hmph. Doesn’t sound too fun. (She takes another drink from her cup
      while Zuko gets riled up)
      Zuko: (He steps closer to June in a slight outburst) Does the end of the
      World (June pauses and stares at Zuko) sound like more fun‌

      (Cut to outside the tavern where Appa and June’s shirshu are growling
      aggressively at each other. Appa then licks the shirshu’s face and both of
      them quiet down. The shirshu turns towards the camera. Cut to June and the
      group walking towards them.)

      June: (lifting up a piece of meat and cajoling) Nyla… (She throws the meat
      off screen. Cut to Nyla who catches the meat in a gulp. June comes into
      screen and affectionately strokes her shirshu) Who’s my little snuffly
      wuffly. (Nyla suddenly shoots out her tongue and June steps back) Whoa!
      (She gently presses down on Nyla’s nose to close her mouth) Careful there.
      Okay, (gesturing to the group) whose got something with the Avatar’s scent
      on it. (Cut to Katara reaching into Appa’s saddle)
      Katara: I have Aang’s staff.

      (Cut to June who offers the staff in front of Nyla’s snout as she sniffs
      it. Cut to a side shot of the group as Nyla proceeds to sniff and walk
      around them while the group follows her movements. Cut to an overhead shot
      of the group as Nyla continues circling around them and sniffing out
      Aang’s scent. Nyla makes one last round before walking back in front of
      June and lowering herself on the ground and rubbing her snout with her
      paws.)

      Zuko: (Crossing his arms as Katara and Toph look on puzzled behind him)
      Well, what does that mean‌
      June: It means your friend’s gone.
      Toph: We know he’s gone, that’s why we’re trying to find him.
      June: (Cut to the back of June’s head as she stands up) No, I mean he’s
      gone gone. (She turns back to the group suddenly) He doesn’t exist.

      (Cut to the group as they first look puzzled and then worried.

      Cut to the forested area in the middle of the water seen in the previous
      episode. Cut to a squirrel creature trying to crack open a nut on a branch
      as Momo suddenly jumps in and causes it to drop its nut in fright. Momo
      then chases the creature around the thick, fat branch. Camera pans to the
      right to show Aang walking below the branch and looking around.)

      Aang: Where are we, Momo‌ (Cut to Aang’s point of view as he looks up at
      the Sun shining through the canopy. A family of dragonflies fly by. Camera
      pans down to a fallen log.) Maybe I’m in the Spirit World‌ (Cut to Aang
      walking under the log still looking up at the canopy) But wait, (Momo
      crawls onto the log behind him) you can see me. We can both (Cut to a
      close up of Momo as it stares at Aang curiously) be in the Spirit World.
      (Aang waves his arms around and airbends a huge gust of air) Nope, (he
      looks at his hands) my bending works. (Momo jumps on Aang’s shoulder and
      curls its tail around his neck) Maybe if we climb (Camera pans up a slope)
      to the top of the island we could figure out where we are.

      (Cut back to an exasperated Sokka)

      Sokka: What do you mean Aang doesn’t exist‌ (Camera zooms out to a full
      shot of the group and June with her shirshu) Do you mean he’s… you know,
      dead‌
      June: (Cut to a close up of June patting her shirshu) Nope, we could find
      him if he were dead. Ah, (gestures her hand out) it’s a real head
      scratcher. (turns back towards her shirshu) See ya. (Cut to a sideview of
      the scene of the group looking at June mount Nyla)
      Toph: Helpful, real helpful.
      Zuko: Wait, (Zuko walks to the front of the group and faces them) I have
      another idea. (Cut to a close up of Zuko) There’s only one other person in
      this World who can help us face the Fire Lord. (He lifts his arm out and
      faces June) I’ll be right back with a smell sample.

      (Cut to Zuko’s finger as he lifts up Iroh’s sandal that he dropped for
      Zuko to find in Season 1. There are some flies buzzing around it. Camera
      zooms out to show Katara, Suki and Sokka pinching their noses and
      flinching from the stench.)

      Sokka: You saved your Uncle’s sweaty sandal‌
      Toph: I think it’s kind of sweet. (Cut to June as she directs Nyla off
      screen. Cut to a sideview of Zuko lifting the sandal out in front of
      Nyla’s noise.)
      June: Let’s do this. (She pulls on Nyla’s reins and camera zooms out to
      show Nyla running into the forest)
      Zuko: Hey, wait up!

      (The group proceeds to mount Appa as it lifts its tail up. Cut to an area
      behind Appa’s tail as it slams the tail to the ground and takes off into
      the air. Cut to Nyla running up a rocky slope with Appa trying to catch up
      behind. Cut to the next day at some terraced flatland as Nyla rapidly runs
      down the terraces. Appa flies into screen shortly after. Cut to a frontal
      shot of Nyla with what looks like the Freedom Fighters hideout in the
      background. Cut to a sideview of the partially destroyed outer wall of Ba
      Sing Se at night as Appa nears it. Cut to a close up of the rubble as Nyla
      runs into screen. Camera pans up at the opening in the wall as Appa flies
      into screen. Cut to an overhead view of the 2 animals as they pause in
      front of the opening.)

      Zuko: We’re going to Ba Sing Se‌
      June: (Cut to a close up sideview of the 2 creatures as Nyla scratches the
      rubble) Your Uncle’s somewhere beyond the wall. (Nyla stops scratching the
      rubble and turns away) Nyla’s getting twitchy so he can’t be too far. Good
      luck. (June pulls her reins and Nyla runs off screen. Cut to Zuko as he
      looks at the departing shirshu. He turns back to the camera with a slight
      annoyed expression on his face.)
      Zuko: It’s been a long day. (Cut to an overhead view of Appa) Let’s camp
      and start our search again at dawn.

      (Cut to some trees. Camera pans down to show Aang walking near a flower
      motif on the ground. Cut to a frontal shot of Aang as he walks towards the
      motif transfixed. Cut to an overhead view of the motif to show that it’s a
      hexagonal shape.)

      Aang: It’s a hexagon. (Cut to a close up of Aang’s feet as Momo jumps onto
      the ground and surveys it) It doesn’t (Aang bends down and touches the
      ground) seem like normal rock. (He stands up and does an earthbending
      movement but nothing happens) It’s not made of earth. This is so strange.
      (He sits down with his hands on his head in despair) I wish I had some
      help right now. I wish I had Roku. I do have Roku.

      (Aang proceeds to sit up straight and inhales audibly. Cut to a close up
      of Aang deep in concentration. Cut to a sideview of Aang as Momo scurries
      away. The light dims and a blue cloud of smoke comes out of Aang, moving
      across him and forms a human-like shape. The smoke takes shape into Avatar
      Roku sitting cross-legged and a blue aura-like mist surrounds him.)

      Avatar Roku: You’re right, Aang. (Cut to a close up of Roku) All the past
      Avatars, all their experience and wisdom, (he smiles) is available to you
      (Cut to Aang) if you look deep inside yourself.
      Aang: (looking around) So where am I, Roku‌ What is this place‌
      Avatar Roku: (Cut to a puzzled Roku looking at the trees) I… don’t know,
      Aang. (He looks back at Aang) But (Camera zooms in on the worried
      airbender) I see that you are lost in more ways than one right now.
      Aang: I am. (He puts on a serious face) I need to figure out what to do
      once I face the Fire Lord.

      (Cut to Zuko and Katara sleeping on Appa’s side with their backs facing
      each other. Camera pans to the right to show Suki and Sokka sleeping on
      Appa’s tail. Sokka snores audibly. Cut to Toph snoring in her earth tent
      as she suddenly wakes up and touches the ground. Cut to an overhead shot
      of her tent as it gets earthbended away. Camera pans out to show Appa as a
      ring of fire circles the group. Cut to an overhead shot of the circle.
      Camera pans across the backs of the group’s heads. They turn their heads
      towards 4 people appearing at the top of the rubble in white and blue
      uniforms.

      Camera zooms in on the group to show Piandao. Camera pans to the left to
      show Jeong Jeong, Pakku and then Bumi.)

      Bumi: Well, look who’s (throws his arms out from under his robe) here.

      (Bumi snorts and laughs. Cut back to the group as Sokka and Katara who
      originally appeared worried smile with relief and they turn to look at
      each other. Suki, Toph and Zuko look at the siblings, puzzled. Cut to
      commercial break.)

      Act II

      (Scene returns to an area in the sea looking at the forested area at
      night. Cut back to Aang talking to Roku at the hexagon.)

      Aang: Everyone expects me to take the Fire Lord’s life but I just don’t
      know if I can do that.
      Avatar Roku: (Camera slowly zooms in on Roku who closes his eyes) In my
      life, I tried to be disciplined and show restraint. But it backfired when
      (Cut to Sozin attacking Roku in The Avatar and the Fire Lord) Fire Lord
      Sozin took advantage of my restraint and mercy. If I had been more
      decisive (Cut to an aged Sozin looking at his fleet of soldiers and
      airships) and acted sooner, I could have stopped Sozin (Fade to 3 burning
      air temples seen in The Avatar and the Fire Lord) and stop the war (Fade
      to a close up of Sozin’s face) before it started. (Cut back to the
      hexagon) I offer you this wisdom, Aang. (He raises a finger) You must be
      decisive.

      (Cut to an area behind Roku’s head as he dissipates to reveal a confused
      Aang. Camera slowly zooms in on Aang and he drops his head in deep
      thought.

      Cut back to the outer wall of Ba Sing Se.)

      Toph: What’s going on‌ (Cut to an area behind the 4 men looking at the
      Gaang) We’re surrounded by old people.
      Katara: Not just any (She walks towards the masters) old people. These
      (Cut to a sideview shot of the 4 men) are great masters and friends of
      ours. (Camera pans down to Pakku as Katara stops in front of him and bows)
      Pakku.
      Pakku: (Bowing in return) It is respectful to bow to an old master but how
      about a hug (opens his arms) for your new grandfather‌ (Cut to a close up
      of shocked Katara with an equally dumbfounded Sokka behind her. Katara’s
      expression changes into happiness)
      Katara: That’s so exciting. (She opens her arms and embraces Pakku) You
      and Gran Gran must be so happy to have found each other again.
      Pakku: I made her a (He touches an area below his collar bone) new
      betrothal necklace and everything. (Sokka comically enters the screen and
      hugs Pakku by the neck)
      Sokka: Welcome to the family Great Gramp.
      Pakku: You can still just call me (He pushes Sokka off him) Pakku.
      Sokka: (Cut to Sokka who smiles goofily) How about Grand Pakku‌
      Pakku: (Cut to a serious Pakku) No. (Camera pans out to show a
      disappointed Sokka)
      Katara: And this was (Camera pans up to show Jeong Jeong as Katara
      introduces Zuko to him) Aang’s first firebending teacher. (Zuko walks
      towards him and Jeong Jeong bows)
      Jeong Jeong: Jeong Jeong. (Cut to a sideview shot of Sokka bowing to
      Piandao with Bumi looking on)
      Sokka: Master Piandao.
      Piandao: (Bowing in return) Hello, Sokka.
      Suki: So wait, how do you all know each other‌
      Bumi: (Cut to a sideview of the 4 masters) All old people know (Piandao
      looks towards Bumi and smiles) each other don’t you know that‌ (Bumi
      snorts and laughs)
      Piandao: We’re all part of the same ancient secret society. A group that
      transcends the divisions of the 4 nations.
      Zuko: (Cut to a smiling Zuko) The Order of the White Lotus.

      (Cut to a frontal shot of Jeong Jeong and Piandao as Bumi comically slides
      into screen with a finger up in the air.)

      Bumi: That’s the one. (Bumi comically exits the screen)
      Jeong Jeong: The White Lotus has always been about philosophy, and beauty
      and truth. (Cut to an overhead shot of the scene) About a month ago, a
      call went out that we were needed for something important.
      Pakku: (Cut to an area behind Zuko’s shoulder looking at Pakku and Katara)
      It came from a Grand Lotus, your Uncle, (Cut to a close up of a smiling
      Zuko) Iroh of the Fire Nation. (Camera pans out to show Toph behind him)
      Toph: Well that’s who we’re looking for.
      Piandao: (Cut back to a frontal shot of Jeong Jeong and Piandao again)
      Then we’ll take you to him.
      Bumi: (Bumi pushes apart their shoulders) Wait, someone’s (looking around
      warily) missing from your group. Someone (He walks closer to the camera)
      very important. Where’s (He presses his face near the camera) Momo‌ (Cut
      to a sideview of Bumi pressing his face against Sokka’s who leans back
      from the weight)
      Sokka: He’s gone. And so is Aang. (Camera zooms out to show the rest and
      Bumi takes a step back)
      Bumi: Oh well, so long as they have each other I’m sure (He pats Sokka’s
      shoulder as he still remains in a leaning position) we have nothing (Sokka
      flails his arms around to regain his balance) to worry about. Let’s go.

      (Bumi slams his hand against the ground and earthbends a tall column of
      earth and propels himself over the gap in the outer wall, laughing
      maniacally at the same time.

      Cut back to an area in the sea looking at the forest area. Cut to a tree
      branch with Momo’s ears popping out from both sides. Momo peeks out from
      behind the branch and flies off screen. Cut to a frontal shot of Aang in
      the lotus position as Momo lands behind him.)

      Aang: Avatar Kyoshi, I need your wisdom.

      (Momo appears frightened from behind Aang and scurries away. Cut to a
      close up of Aang. Cut to a sideview of Aang as a blue wisp of smoke comes
      out from him. Camera follows the trail of the smoke and it “solidifies”
      into Avatar Kyoshi. )

      Avatar Kyoshi: In my day, (flashback to Chin confronting Kyoshi from the
      memory shown in Avatar Day) Chin the Conqueror threatened to throw the
      World out of balance. (More memories of Kyoshi creating Kyoshi Island is
      shown) I stopped him and the World entered a great era of peace.
      Aang: (voice over) But you didn’t really kill Chin, (A memory of Chin
      falling to his death is shown) technically he fell to his own doom because
      (Cut back to present day Aang) he was too stubborn to get out of the way.
      Avatar Kyoshi: (Cut to a close up side view of a serious Kyoshi)
      Personally I don’t really see the difference but I assure you, I would
      have done whatever it took to stop Chin. (Switch to Aang’s point of view
      looking at Kyoshi) I offer you this wisdom, Aang. (She begins to slowly
      shrink into white puff of smoke) Only justice will bring peace. (The smoke
      finally dissipates. Cut to an annoyed Aang who leans back and thinks.)
      Aang: I knew I shouldn’t have asked Kyoshi.

      (Cut to Appa and the rest of the group walking down a rocky path inside Ba
      Sing Se.)

      Sokka: So Bumi, (Cut to an overhead shot of Bumi, Sokka, Zuko and Suki
      walking) how did you end up escaping your imprisonment in Omashu‌
      Bumi: Escape‌ I didn’t escape, everybody else escaped. (He throws his arms
      into the air) There I was, (Cut to a close up frontal shot of Bumi) back
      in Omashu, waiting for just the right (flashback to a view looking at
      Omashu from the outside with the Fire Nation banner still hanging at the
      entrance of the city) moment. I didn’t know (Cut to a close up frontal
      shot of Bumi’s head peeking out of the porthole in the coffin seen in
      Return to Omashu) what or when but I knew I’d know it when I knew it.
      (Bumi lifts his head up and camera pans down to show him looking at the
      eclipsed Sun above Ozai’s statue) An eclipse. That would do it.

      (He takes a deep breath and struggles. Cut to a roof in the city as the
      structure begins to crack and break. Some of the bricks and roof tiles
      start to fly upwards. Cut to a far view of Bumi’s coffin as the bricks and
      tiles fly towards it. Cut to an overhead frontal shot of the coffin as the
      debris breaks open the door of the coffin on contact.

      Cut to an area below the coffin as the door drops into screen followed
      shortly by Bumi who lands in a crouch. He stands up and 5 Fire Nation
      soldiers run into screen and position themselves in a stance opposite
      Bumi.)

      Fire Nation soldier: What do you (Camera zooms in on the soldier) think
      you’re doing‌

      (The soldier thrusts a fist out but nothing happens. He looks at his hand
      curiously and he and the rest of his group thrust their fists out but
      nothing happens. The soldiers appear stunned. Cut to Bumi who first
      appears puzzled but then he smiles with realization.)

      Bumi: Taking back my city. You’ve got no (His moves one arm across his
      body) fire power and it’s payback time.

      (He rushes off screen. Cut to Bumi riding a small wave of earth and by
      passing the line of soldiers. He propels himself off the edge and lands
      down in the city as he raises his arm up. A tall column of earth is bended
      behind him. Cut to a Fire Nation building built into the city via metal
      pipings. The column of earth pierces through the pipes. Cut to Bumi as he
      lowers his hands in a diagonal position. Cut to a far side view of the
      scene as the building is slowly moved away by the column of earth.

      Cut to a group of soldiers running away as camera pans up to Omashu’s mail
      slides to show a Fire Nation building with smoke still coming out from the
      chimney behind the slides slowly sliding down and hitting another similar
      building. Cut to Bumi who runs into screen and earthbends more Fire Nation
      houses away. Cut to a full view of Omashu to show smoke slowly sliding
      down the cone shaped structure like an avalanche. Cut to the entrance of
      Omashu as the soldiers flee from the city.

      Cut back to Bumi inside the city as he looks up at the statue of Ozai
      perched right at the top of the Omashu. Cut to a frontal shot of Bumi with
      8 soldiers charging in with weapons behind him. He earthbends 8 columns of
      earth from the ground which knocks the soldiers off their feet. He then
      sends the columns flying into the air.

      Cut to a close up of the face of Ozai’s statue as 2 columns pierce both
      his eyes. 2 more columns fly into screen and pierce the nostrils and the
      remaining chunks line across his mouth like a smile. Cut to the base of
      the statue as it gets lifted from the ground. Cut to Bumi who is holding
      his breath and struggling with the weight of the statue as he attempts to
      bend it. Cut to a shot of the statue being tipped over the edge and
      sliding down the city. Cut to a full side view of the bridge leading to
      the city as the remaining soldiers evacuate. Ozai’s statue slides into
      screen and crashes through the city’s entrance, the bridge and finally
      falling down into the depths outside the city.

      Cut to Bumi who is looking down at the disappearing statue as he laughs
      manically to himself and bites off a piece of green genemite crystal.

      Cut back to a frontal shot of present day Bumi with the kids behind him.)

      Suki: Wow, you took back your whole city all by yourself.
      Bumi: So what about you guys‌ Did you do anything interesting on the day
      of the eclipse‌ (Cut to Sokka and Zuko who look at each other before Zuko
      turns his head away)
      Zuko: Nah.
      Sokka: No, not really.

      (Cut to Aang thinking deeply with his hands on his head.)

      Aang: I need to look deep inside myself.

      (He gets into the lotus position and concentrates. Camera slowly zooms in
      on a meditating Aang. Cut to a sideview of Aang as a blue cloud of smoke
      comes out from Aang and Avatar Kuruk in Water Tribe gear “solidifies” in
      front of him.)

      Avatar Kuruk: (Cut to a close up of Kuruk) I am Avatar Kuruk. When I was
      young, (Flashback to a young Kuruk’s face) I was always (Camera zooms out
      to show him surfing the waves with a wooden board) a “go with the flow”
      kind of Avatar. People seemed to work out their own problems (Cut to the
      blue sky and camera pans down to an icy landscape) and there was peace and
      (Camera pans down some more to show Kuruk and Ummi sitting side by side)
      good times in the World. (Ummi grabs Kuruk’s hand and they lean in for a
      kiss) But then, (Cut to Koh’s centipede-like body circling around the
      Spirit World) I lost the woman I loved to Koh, (Koh’s head comes into
      screen but its eye lid is still closed) the face stealer. (The eye lid
      opens to show Ummi’s face. Cut back to the present day to show a sorrowful
      Kuruk) It was my fault, if I had been more attentive and more active, I
      could have saved her. Aang, you must actively shape your own destiny, and
      (His form slowly diminishes into white smoke like Kyoshi) the destiny of
      the World.

      (The smoke dissipates. Cut back to Aang who brings his hands to his head
      in despair.

      Cut to the inner wall of Ba Sing Se. Camera pans down to show Appa and the
      group who are still walking. Cut to inside a campsite with sheltered tents
      everywhere as the walls surrounding it gets bended down to show Bumi with
      the rest behind him.)

      Bumi: Well, here we are. (He walks into camp) Welcome to old people camp.
      (Cut to Jeong Jeong, Piandao, Zuko and Pakku who walk in while Zuko looks
      around.)
      Zuko: Where… where is he‌
      Piandao: Your Uncle’s in (he points out) there, (Cut to Piandao’s point of
      view as he points to a big sheltered tent at the end of campsite) Prince
      Zuko.

      (Cut to Zuko who stares with disbelief and awkwardness. Cut to a back view
      of Zuko as he walks towards Iroh’s tent. He pauses outside the tent and
      sits down. Katara walks into screen and stands beside him.)

      Katara: Are you okay‌
      Zuko: No, (turning his head away from Katara) I’m not okay. My Uncle hates
      me, I know it. (Katara lowers herself to the ground) He loved me and
      supported me in every way he could and I still turned against him. How can
      I even face him‌ (Cut to a sideview of a regretful Zuko with Katara
      looking on.)
      Katara: Zuko, you’re sorry for what you did, right‌
      Zuko: More sorry than I’ve been about anything in my entire life.
      Katara: (raises her shoulders) Then he’ll forgive you. (Zuko looks at her)
      He will.

      (Zuko turns his head back towards the tent and thinks for a while before
      standing up. Cut to the front of the tent as Zuko walks into screen. He
      pauses and takes a deep breath before pushing the curtains aside and
      stepping in. Cut to an overhead view of the entrance inside Iroh’s tent as
      Zuko walks in.)

      Zuko: Uncle.

      (Cut to a close up of Zuko with his eyes closed. A loud snore greets him
      and he opens his eyes and looks up. Cut to a close up of Iroh sleeping
      soundly and snoring loudly. Cut to Zuko who smiles with affection and he
      proceeds to sit down on the mat beside Iroh’s sleeping mat.

      Cut to an overhead view of the forested area in the ocean as the camera
      slowly zooms in.)

      Aang: (off screen) All these past Avatars, (Cut to a frontal shot of Aang
      with Momo beside him) they keep telling me I’m gonna have to do it. They
      don’t get it. (Momo stands on Aang’s lap and makes some animal noises.
      Aang turns back to his furry friend.) You’re right, maybe an air nomad
      Avatar would understand where I’m coming from. (Cut to a close up of
      Momo’s puzzled face as it purrs. Cut back to a frontal shot of Aang as
      Momo jumps to Aang’s other side.) I know you can’t really talk. Pretending
      you can just helps me think. (Aang gets into a meditating position. Momo
      makes some animal sounds and Aang opens his eyes and looks slightly
      irritated at Momo.) I’m going to pretend I didn’t resent to here that.

      (Cut to a close up of Aang’s face. Cut back to frontal shot of Aang as
      Momo’s ears stand up. Another white-blue cloud of smoke comes out from
      Aang and moves towards the screen. Cut to a slight overhead view of the
      scene behind Aang’s back as the spirit of Yangchen manifests in front of
      Aang. Momo scurries away frightened.)

      Avatar Yangchen: I am Avatar Yangchen, (Cut to a close up sideview of the
      air nomad Avatar) young airbender.
      Aang: (off screen) Avatar Yangchen, the monks always (Cut to a close up of
      Aang who raises his shoulders and looks at the surrounding trees) taught
      me that all life is sacred. Even the life of the tiniest spider-fly caught
      in its own web.
      Avatar Yangchen: (Cut to Yangchen who nods in agreement reluctantly) Yes,
      all life is sacred.
      Aang: (Cut to Aang who appears optimistic since someone finally shares his
      views) I know, I’m (points to self) even a vegetarian. I’ve always tried
      to solve my problems by being quick or clever and I’ve only had to use
      violence for necessary defence and I’ve certainly (shakes his head) never
      used it to take a life.
      Avatar Yangchen: (off screen) Avatar Aang, (Cut to an area behind Aang’s
      head as camera pans up to show Yangchen talking to him) I know that you’re
      a gently spirit and the monks have taught you well. But this isn’t about
      you, (Cut to a close up sideview of a Aang in disbelief) this is about the
      World.
      Aang: But the monks taught me that I had to detach myself from the World
      so my spirit could be free.
      Avatar Yangchen: (Camera pans across the sideview of the 2 airbenders)
      Many great and wise air nomads have detached themselves and achieved
      spiritual enlightenment but the Avatar (Cut to a frontal shot of Yangchen)
      can never do it because your sole duty is to the World. Here is my wisdom
      for you, (Cut to a frontal shot of a shocked Aang) selfless duty (Camera
      slowly zooms out) calls you to sacrifice your own spiritual needs and do
      whatever (Camera pauses behind Yangchen’s back as she begins to dissipate)
      it takes to protect the World.

      (The smoke clears and Momo peeks its head out from a tree trunk behind
      Aang as he drops his head. Cut to an overhead view of Aang as Momo crawls
      into screen.)

      Aang: (He looks at Momo) I guess I don’t have a choice, Momo. (He looks up
      towards the sky and Momo ears droop) I have to kill the Fire Lord.

      (Cut to commercial break.)

      Act III

      (Scene returns to the next morning to an overhead view of the Order of The
      White Lotus’ campsite. Cut to an overhead view of Iroh’s tent as Zuko is
      still sitting beside a snoring Iroh. He stops snoring and starts to get
      up. Cut to a frontal shot of Iroh as he yawns and stretches. He turns his
      head slightly and notices Zuko’s presence but he then turns his head back
      and does not say anything. Cut to Zuko who struggles to control his
      emotions. Cut to an area behind Iroh’s head with his face slightly
      visible. His eyes are closed. Cut to a frontal shot of Iroh with Zuko
      visible behind him but his eyes can’t be seen as they’re above the
      camera’s lens.)

      Zuko: Uncle, I know you must have mixed feelings about seeing me. (Cut
      back to a shot behind Iroh) But I want (Cut to a frontal shot of Zuko with
      his closed but tears are visibly brimming under both eye lids. His voice
      cracks slightly) you to know, I’m so (He shakes his head) so sorry, Uncle.
      (Zuko opens his eyes and looks towards Iroh) I’m so sorry and ashamed of
      what I did. (tears flow down his cheeks) I don’t know (He closes his eyes
      again and shakes his head) how I can ever make it up to you but (He looks
      up and Iroh’s arm enters the screen and grabs Zuko’s sleeve and pulls him
      off screen) I’ll…

      (Cut to a sideview shot of the two of them as Iroh pulls Zuko into a
      comforting hug. Cut to a frontal shot of a crying Uncle who smiles.)

      Zuko: (Cut to a frontal shot of Zuko who is still crying) How can you
      forgive me so easily‌ I thought you would be furious with me.
      Iroh: I was never angry with you. I was sad (He brings a hand up to the
      back of Zuko’s head) because I was afraid you lost your way.
      Zuko: (Cut back to a sideview shot of the scene) I did lose my way. (Both
      of them part and Iroh places his hands on Zuko’s shoulders)
      Iroh: But you found it again. (Zuko raises his head to look at his Uncle.
      Cut to a frontal shot of a smiling Iroh) And you did it by yourself. And
      (Switch to a frontal shot of an emotional Zuko) I am so happy you found
      your way here. (Zuko smiles and Iroh pulls him back into a hug again. Cut
      to a sideview of the two.)
      Zuko: It wasn’t that hard, Uncle. (Zuko raises his arms and hugs Iroh) You
      have a pretty strong scent.

      (Cut to a squirrel scurrying along a tree branch with sunlight shining
      through the canopy. Cut to an overhead view of the hexagon to show a
      sleeping Aang and Momo. White birds fly into screen. Cut to a close up of
      Aang as he opens his eyes. He yawns and pushes himself off the ground. He
      looks up ahead slightly startled.)

      Aang: Wait, (Switch to Aang’s point of view as some mountains at the edge
      of the sea increase in size) is it just me or are those mountains getting
      bigger‌

      (Cut back to Aang as Momo lands on his shoulder with a purr. Aang jumps up
      off screen. Cut to an overhead shot of the emergent layer. Aang jumps into
      screen and lands on top of the tallest tree. Momo flies into screen and
      lands on Aang’s shoulder. Cut to a close up of Aang as they look on. Aang
      turns his head back and camera pans to the left to show some churning
      currents on the surface of the water behind the forested area.)

      Aang: They’re not getting larger, they’re getting closer. (Aang jumps off
      screen. Cut to a side shot of Aang hopping across the forest floor with
      Momo flying closely behind him.) The whole island is moving!

      (Cut to an area in the sea beside the forested area. A shadow can be seen
      under the water directly beneath the forested area. Aang jumps into water.
      Cut to underwater as Aang dives in. Cut to a branch as Momo lands on it,
      looking at the water and chittering away. Camera follows Aang swimming
      deeper down the dark shape in the water. Cut to a frontal shot of Aang as
      he looks up at the shape. A rumble vibrates in the water and Aang looks
      down. Cut to a sideview of the shape as gargantuan reptilian claw paddles
      into screen, creating a lot of bubbles. Cut to a transfixed Aang with a
      swirl of bubble beneath him as he swims up. Cut to the surface of the
      water as Aang resurfaces with a gasp. He rubs his eyes and Momo flies into
      screen and lands on a tree trunk near the edge of the water, looking at
      Aang.)

      Aang: (facing the lemur) It’s amazing, Momo! (He raises his arms out of
      the water and opens them to the sides) The biggest animal in the World!
      (pointing forward) I’ve got to swim around and find its face.

      (He proceeds to swim off screen with a freestyle stroke. Momo flies above
      the water above his master. Cut to an overhead view of Aang and Momo. Cut
      to an area behind the forested area as it swims itself closer to the
      mountains.

      Cut to an overhead view of the Order of the White Lotus’ camp as the
      various members are already out of their tents for breakfast.)

      Zuko: (off screen) Uncle, you’re the only person other than the Avatar
      (Cut to a sideview of Iroh with Zuko and Toph looking on at him. All of
      them are eating) who can possibly defeat the Father Lord.
      Toph: (points her chopsticks towards Zuko’s arm) You mean the Fire Lord.
      Zuko: That’s what I just said. (Toph resumes eating)
      Iroh: Hmm…
      Zuko: We need you to come with us.
      Iroh: (Cut to a frontal shot of Iroh as he lowers his chopsticks) No,
      Zuko. It won’t turn out well. (Cut to an overhead shot of the group
      sitting round a small steaming pot in a circle)
      Zuko: You can beat him and we’ll (turns his head towards his friends) be
      there to help.
      Iroh: (Cut back to a frontal shot of Iroh) Even if I did defeat Ozai, and
      I don’t know that (he raises an eyebrow) I could. It will be the wrong way
      to end the war. (Switch back to an overhead view of the group) History
      would see it as just more senseless violence, (Camera slowly zooms in) a
      brother killing a brother to grab power. The only way for this war to end
      peacefully is for the Avatar to defeat the Fire Lord.
      Zuko: (Cut to an area behind Iroh looking at a thinking Zuko) And then…
      then would you come and take your rightful place on the throne‌
      Iroh: (Cut to a frontal shot of Iroh) No. Someone (He turns his head
      towards his nephew) new must take the throne. An idealist with a pure
      heart and (Camera slowly zooms in on Zuko) unquestionable honour. It has
      to be you, (Zuko appears surprised) Prince Zuko.
      Zuko: (looking to the side in disbelief) Unquestionable honour‌ But I’ve
      made (raises his shoulders) so many mistakes.
      Iroh: (off screen) Yes, you have. (Cut to an area behind Zuko’s head
      looking at Iroh addressing him) You struggled, you suffered but you have
      always followed your own path, you (Cut to a close up of Zuko) restored
      your own honour. And only you (the Fire Prince looks down in thought) can
      restore the honour of the Fire Nation.
      Zuko: I’ll try, Uncle.
      Toph: (Switch to a side view of Toph with Sokka in the background) Well,
      (Sokka turns towards Toph) what if Aang doesn’t come back‌ (Camera returns
      back to an overhead shot of the group)
      Iroh: Sozin’s Comet is arriving and our destinies are upon us. Aang will
      face the Fire Lord. (Cut to a close up of Iroh) When I was a boy, I had a
      vision that I would one day take Ba Sing Se. (Camera pans across the
      various members of the Gaang) Only now do I see that my destiny is to take
      it back from the Fire Nation so the Earth Kingdom can be free again.
      Suki: (Cut to Suki and Katara) That’s why you gathered (raises an arm out)
      the members of the White Lotus.
      Iroh: Yes. (Katara turns her head back to Iroh) Zuko, (return back to a
      close up of Iroh addressing Zuko again) you must return to the Fire Nation
      so that when the Fire Lord falls, you can assume the throne and restore
      peace and order. (Cut to a close up of an attentive Zuko) But Azula will
      be there, waiting (Zuko frowns) for you.
      Zuko: (confidently) I can handle Azula.
      Iroh: (off screen) Not alone. (Zuko appears startled) You’ll need help.
      Zuko: You’re right. (He looks up) Katara, (Cut to an area behind Zuko
      looking at Katara as she raises her head up) how would you like to help me
      put Azula in her place‌
      Katara: (smiles) It would be my pleasure.
      Sokka: (off screen) What (Zuko and Katara turn towards Sokka) about us‌
      (Cut to a sideview of Toph with Sokka in the background) What’s (he raises
      his arms out curiously) our destiny today‌
      Iroh: (Cut to a frontal shot of Iroh who quirks an eyebrow) What do you
      think it is‌
      Sokka: (Cut back to Sokka with his hand on his chin in thought) I think
      that… even though we don’t know where Aang is, we need to do (he slams his
      left fist into his right palm) everything we can to stop the airship
      fleet. (Camera pans to the left to show Toph)
      Toph: And that means when Aang does face the Fire Lord, we’ll be right
      there if he needs us.

      (She smacks both of her fists together. Cut to a smiling Iroh. Cut to the
      rocky regions in between the walls of Ba Sing Se as Toph and Suki appear
      unsteadily into screen. They are seated on a saddle mounted onto a green
      creature. Camera zooms out to show a giant lizard-like creature with
      Piandao briefing Sokka at the bottom.)

      Piandao: Nothing runs faster over land or swims quicker than a giant
      eel-hound. (Piandao hands Sokka a scroll) The airship base is on a small
      island just off the Earth Kingdom shore. (Sokka unrolls the scroll to show
      a map of the Earth Kingdom) You should be able (Cut to an area behind
      Piandao’s shoulder looking at Sokka) to intercept the fleet within a day’s
      journey. (Sokka lowers the scroll and rolls it back off screen)
      Sokka: Thank you, Master.

      (Cut to a full view of master and pupil as they bow to each other. Sokka
      hugs Piandao by the waist to his surprise and Piandao lowers his arm to
      Sokka’s shoulders assuringly. Camera pans to the right to show various
      Order of the White Lotus members sending off Appa, Zuko and Katara.)

      Zuko: So if I’m going to be Fire Lord after the war is over, what are you
      going to do‌
      Iroh: (Cut to a slight overhead frontal shot of Iroh) After I re-conquer
      Ba Sing Se, (he brings out a white lotus tile from his belt) I’m going to
      re-conquer (he flips the tile into the air like a coin and catches it
      back) my tea shop and I’m going (he gazes at the tile) to play Pai Sho (he
      brings the tile closer to his belly) everyday.

      (Cut to a smiling Zuko with Katara behind him in the saddle. Both of them
      look across. Cut to Sokka and Suki who are looking back at them. Sokka
      nods. Cut to an overhead shot of the eel-hound and Appa with the various
      members bidding them farewell.)

      Katara: (off screen) Goodbye, General Iroh.
      Iroh: Goodbye, everyone. (Cut to a frontal shot of Iroh looking up at his
      nephew) Today, (he closes his eyes and lowers his head) destiny is our
      friend. (he opens his eyes and looks back up again) I know it.

      (Cut to an overhead shot again as the eel-hound turns around and takes
      off. Appa slams his tail against the ground and flies off. The members can
      be seen waving goodbye below.

      Cut to the unseen reptilian creature still making its way towards the
      mountains. Cut to a view of the trees on the creature’s back as the camera
      pans down to the water to show Aang swimming into screen. He pauses and
      takes a deep breath before diving under. Cut to underwater to show
      intricate patterns on the creature’s shell as Aang swims towards the
      shell, leaving a trail of bubbles behind him

      Cut to an overhead view of the circular patterns on the shell as Aang
      stops in front of the creature’s closed eye lid. Aang looks around warily.
      The eye lid opens behind him and Aang spins around to face the eye. Cut to
      a frontal shot of a surprised Aang as he gets lifted upwards by the
      creature’s claw. Cut to a close up frontal shot of Aang as he struggles
      against the water pressure.

      Cut to the water’s surface as the creature’s brownish head emerges
      followed shortly by his claw with Aang standing on it. Camera zooms out to
      show an overhead view of the lion turtle which has an overgrowth of trees
      on his back.)

      Aang: A lion turtle. (Cut to an overhead view of Aang as he bows) Maybe
      you can (Cut to an area behind the lion turtle’s claw with its face in the
      background) help me. Everyone, (the lion turtle blinks) even my own past
      lives are expecting me to end someone’s life. But I don’t know if I can do
      it.
      Lion Turtle: (Cut to an area behind Aang’s back as the massive lion turtle
      moves its mouth to speak) The true mind can weather all the lies and
      illusions without being lost. The true heart (Cut to a frontal shot of a
      confused Aang) can touch the poison of hatred without being harmed. (Cut
      to a close up of the lion turtle’s eye) Since beginningless time, (Cut to
      a sideview shot as it raises a claw out of the water) darkness thrives in
      the void, (Cut to a close up side view of Aang as 2 claws touch Aang’s
      forehead and chest) but always yields to purifying light.

      (Green light illuminates the whole screen once the lion turtle makes
      contact with Aang and he widens his eyes with realization. Cut to a
      sideview of a cliff as the lion turtle’s claw comes into screen and brings
      Aang close to the edge of the cliff. Aang steps off and Momo flies in and
      lands on Aang’s shoulder. Cut to the back view of Aang looking down at the
      lion turtle.)

      Lion Turtle: Wait for him, he will come.

      (The lion turtle drops back into the water and Aang bows. Cut to an
      overhead view of the sea to show the lion turtle slowly backing away from
      the mountains. Cut back to Aang and Momo as Aang looks at the lemur before
      jumping off screen.

      Cut to night at a volcano. Cut to a frontal shot of Ozai’s face in his
      Phoenix King headgear.)

      Ozai: It’s time for this World to end in fire and for a new World (Camera
      zooms out to show the air fleet behind him) to be born from the ashes.

      (Cut to the Earth’s atmosphere as the white Sozin’s comet brushes against
      it and the whole atmosphere glows red hot while the comet burns a bright
      orange. Cut to a back view of Ozai looking at the horizon as it slowly
      turns red. Cut to Aang standing on top of a pillar looking ahead. Cut to
      the comet as it burns fiercely through its journey across the atmosphere.
      Cut to a frontal shot of a serious Aang. Camera pans up to show the
      approaching comet shining brightly from behind some mountains. Fade to
      white.)

      [End Credits]
    </div>

=== "中文"

    <div class="script">
    第十九回
苏进的彗星，第二部分
宗师前辈

343
00:25:07,700 --&gt; 00:25:10,990
嘿，我想起她来了，她曾帮你攻击我们来着

344
00:25:10,990 --&gt; 00:25:13,487
没错，那都是以前的事了

345
00:25:14,000 --&gt; 00:25:16,735
太好了，这不是傲慢王子吗？

346
00:25:16,735 --&gt; 00:25:18,578
那个恐怖的爷爷没来吗？

347
00:25:18,578 --&gt; 00:25:21,059
你说的是我的皇叔，他没和我一起

348
00:25:21,367 --&gt; 00:25:24,280
明白了，你和女朋友私奔了对吧

349
00:25:24,283 --&gt; 00:25:26,466
-我不是他的女朋友 -她不是我的女朋友

350
00:25:27,169 --&gt; 00:25:30,642
知道了，知道了，我只是开个玩笑罢了

351
00:25:30,642 --&gt; 00:25:31,769
找我有何贵干啊？

352
00:25:31,769 --&gt; 00:25:34,007
我需要你帮忙找到神通

353
00:25:34,007 --&gt; 00:25:36,391
哼，听上去挺无趣的

354
00:25:37,982 --&gt; 00:25:40,657
找不到他会世界末日，是不是很有趣啊

355
00:25:47,683 --&gt; 00:25:49,947
奈拉

356
00:25:51,670 --&gt; 00:25:55,312
我可爱的小黄鼻子

357
00:25:56,004 --&gt; 00:25:57,248
小心点

358
00:25:57,248 --&gt; 00:26:00,467
给我一个带有神通气味的物件

359
00:26:00,467 --&gt; 00:26:01,833
这儿有安昂的滑翼

360
00:26:21,700 --&gt; 00:26:23,629
它这是什么意思啊？

361
00:26:23,629 --&gt; 00:26:25,903
说明你的朋友不见了

362
00:26:25,903 --&gt; 00:26:29,179
这我们早就知道了，要不然也不找你来寻他

363
00:26:29,179 --&gt; 00:26:31,607
我的意思是他人间蒸发了

364
00:26:31,607 --&gt; 00:26:33,127
彻底的销声匿迹

365
00:26:38,832 --&gt; 00:26:40,328
模模，咱们这是在哪儿啊？

366
00:26:42,000 --&gt; 00:26:44,992
我是不是在灵界啊？

367
00:26:47,600 --&gt; 00:26:50,004
不对，你能看见我

368
00:26:50,004 --&gt; 00:26:52,436
这么说咱们都在灵界？

369
00:26:56,278 --&gt; 00:26:59,128
不对，我还能用御气术

370
00:26:59,128 --&gt; 00:27:03,128
如果我站在岛上的最高点看看就能知道了

371
00:27:03,902 --&gt; 00:27:06,745
你说安昂不存在了是什么意思？

372
00:27:06,828 --&gt; 00:27:10,036
你是说他...他...他死了吗？

373
00:27:10,036 --&gt; 00:27:12,415
不是，如果你死了的话就能搞清楚了

374
00:27:12,517 --&gt; 00:27:14,257
这个问题很棘手啊

375
00:27:14,257 --&gt; 00:27:15,628
回见

376
00:27:15,866 --&gt; 00:27:18,380
你这不等于什么也没说嘛

377
00:27:18,380 --&gt; 00:27:20,512
等等，我有另外一个主意

378
00:27:20,512 --&gt; 00:27:24,747
世上还有另外一个人可以帮助我们对抗烈火王

379
00:27:24,747 --&gt; 00:27:27,235
等我，我去拿个东西回来

380
00:27:29,072 --&gt; 00:27:31,897
你居然收藏了你皇叔的臭木屐

381
00:27:31,897 --&gt; 00:27:33,563
你真挺可爱的

382
00:27:36,710 --&gt; 00:27:38,024
咱们开始吧

383
00:27:41,163 --&gt; 00:27:42,533
嘿，等等我们

384
00:28:07,422 --&gt; 00:28:09,457
咱们是要去永固城吗？

385
00:28:09,457 --&gt; 00:28:12,171
你皇叔应该就在这面墙的后面

386
00:28:12,171 --&gt; 00:28:14,950
根据奈拉的判断，他应该就在附近了

387
00:28:14,950 --&gt; 00:28:15,912
祝你好运了

388
00:28:20,104 --&gt; 00:28:24,305
大家都累了，咱们就在此扎营吧，明早再去找皇叔

389
00:28:32,196 --&gt; 00:28:34,542
这上面有个六角形

390
00:28:36,400 --&gt; 00:28:38,422
摸上去不像是普通的石头

391
00:28:42,108 --&gt; 00:28:44,463
它不是由土构成的

392
00:28:44,463 --&gt; 00:28:46,031
真的好奇怪啊

393
00:28:46,031 --&gt; 00:28:48,151
真希望有人能给我指点迷津

394
00:28:48,494 --&gt; 00:28:50,249
真希望罗库能在这儿

395
00:28:51,360 --&gt; 00:28:52,494
罗库一直和我在一起嘛

396
00:29:03,486 --&gt; 00:29:13,000
你说的没错，安昂，只要你集中精力冥想

397
00:29:13,000 --&gt; 00:29:16,485
历任所有神通的经历和睿智都会显现在你的面前

398
00:29:16,485 --&gt; 00:29:20,141
罗库，我这是在哪儿呢？

399
00:29:20,277 --&gt; 00:29:22,730
我不知道，安昂

400
00:29:22,730 --&gt; 00:29:27,841
不过你现在的困惑不只如此吧

401
00:29:27,841 --&gt; 00:29:32,003
没错，我还不知道自己究竟
要怎样面对烈火王，我必须想出答案

402
00:29:51,273 --&gt; 00:29:53,708
哎哟哟，看看这都是谁啊？

403
00:30:03,580 --&gt; 00:30:05,884
大家都希望我能置烈火王于死地

404
00:30:05,884 --&gt; 00:30:08,321
不过我不知道自己能不能做到

405
00:30:08,321 --&gt; 00:30:13,530
我的一生都尽量谨慎和克制

406
00:30:13,530 --&gt; 00:30:20,374
不过烈火王正是利用了我的克制和仁慈

407
00:30:20,374 --&gt; 00:30:24,880
如果我再果断些并快速施以还击

408
00:30:24,880 --&gt; 00:30:26,523
我就可以阻止苏进

409
00:30:26,523 --&gt; 00:30:30,004
在这场战争的萌芽之时就可以结束它

410
00:30:30,004 --&gt; 00:30:33,055
听我的没错的，安昂

411
00:30:33,055 --&gt; 00:30:36,462
你必须要学会果断

412
00:30:42,789 --&gt; 00:30:44,119
这到底是怎么了？

413
00:30:44,119 --&gt; 00:30:45,979
我们居然被一群老头给包围了

414
00:30:46,273 --&gt; 00:30:48,109
他们可不是一般的老头

415
00:30:48,109 --&gt; 00:30:50,681
他们是伟大的宗师，是我们的朋友

416
00:30:50,681 --&gt; 00:30:51,856
帕库大师

417
00:30:51,856 --&gt; 00:30:55,459
你敬我为一代宗师我当然很满意

418
00:30:55,459 --&gt; 00:30:58,731
不过如今我是你的新外公了，不来拥抱我一下吗？

419
00:30:58,731 --&gt; 00:31:01,470
我真是太激动了

420
00:31:01,470 --&gt; 00:31:04,493
你和姥姥能重逢，一定十分高兴对吧

421
00:31:04,734 --&gt; 00:31:08,544
我给她做了一个新的订婚项链，一切都...

422
00:31:08,544 --&gt; 00:31:10,702
姥爷，欢迎加入我们的大家庭

423
00:31:10,702 --&gt; 00:31:13,663
你还是叫我帕库好了

424
00:31:13,663 --&gt; 00:31:16,340
那叫你帕库姥爷怎么样？

425
00:31:17,544 --&gt; 00:31:19,112
不好

426
00:31:19,112 --&gt; 00:31:23,151
-这位是安昂的第一位御火术师傅   -在下铮铮

427
00:31:24,416 --&gt; 00:31:25,673
劈黯道师傅

428
00:31:25,673 --&gt; 00:31:27,192
你好啊，索卡

429
00:31:27,400 --&gt; 00:31:30,224
不过话说回来，你们几位怎么会互相认识的呢？

430
00:31:30,224 --&gt; 00:31:34,359
耆英彼此皆能感通，你不知道吗？

431
00:31:35,004 --&gt; 00:31:42,106
我们都来自于一个凌驾于分散四国之上的古老组织...

432
00:31:42,178 --&gt; 00:31:44,537
白莲教

433
00:31:44,537 --&gt; 00:31:46,673
正解

434
00:31:46,673 --&gt; 00:31:51,476
白莲象征着豁达、美丽和真相

435
00:31:51,476 --&gt; 00:31:56,478
大概一个月前，我们收到了一封口信说有要事相商...

436
00:31:56,478 --&gt; 00:32:01,618
那是白莲长老的口谕，他就是你的皇叔，烈火国的艾洛

437
00:32:01,618 --&gt; 00:32:03,288
我们正在找他哩

438
00:32:03,288 --&gt; 00:32:05,400
那我们就带你去见他吧

439
00:32:05,400 --&gt; 00:32:08,413
且慢，你们的团队里好像少了谁

440
00:32:08,413 --&gt; 00:32:10,488
这人好像还挺重要的

441
00:32:10,846 --&gt; 00:32:12,771
模模哪儿去了？

442
00:32:12,771 --&gt; 00:32:16,957
它不见了，安昂也是

443
00:32:16,957 --&gt; 00:32:21,288
既然他们俩在一块，那就没什么好担心的了

444
00:32:21,288 --&gt; 00:32:22,652
咱们走

445
00:32:30,328 --&gt; 00:32:33,733
虚子神通，我需要你的建议

446
00:32:42,070 --&gt; 00:32:47,532
那时野心勃勃的侵略者秦竟然妄图破坏世界的平衡

447
00:32:49,050 --&gt; 00:32:54,157
我阻止了他，使得天下苍生能够享受和平光景

448
00:32:54,157 --&gt; 00:32:56,039
秦并不是你杀死的

449
00:32:56,039 --&gt; 00:32:59,980
不过严格地说，他是太过固执，自寻死路

450
00:32:59,980 --&gt; 00:33:02,200
在我看来并没有什么区别

451
00:33:02,200 --&gt; 00:33:07,313
只要是能够阻止秦我愿意采取任何的措施

452
00:33:07,313 --&gt; 00:33:12,730
听我的没错的，安昂，只有裁决才能带来和平

453
00:33:15,369 --&gt; 00:33:18,113
我就知道我不应该问虚子神通的

454
00:33:20,080 --&gt; 00:33:24,075
我说，布米，你是怎么逃出奥玛舒监狱的

455
00:33:24,075 --&gt; 00:33:26,743
逃？我可没逃

456
00:33:26,743 --&gt; 00:33:29,101
倒是看城的那些守卫全都跑掉了

457
00:33:29,378 --&gt; 00:33:32,227
那时候，我****#音频丢失#

458
00:33:34,227 --&gt; 00:33:36,262
我不知道何时才能成事

459
00:33:36,262 --&gt; 00:33:38,558
不过船到桥头自然直

460
00:33:38,558 --&gt; 00:33:42,243
日食了，我的机会来了

461
00:33:52,489 --&gt; 00:33:54,380
你知道自己在干什么吗？

462
00:33:58,922 --&gt; 00:34:04,877
抢回我的城池，你们用不出御火术，我就有仇报仇啦

463
00:34:54,246 --&gt; 00:34:57,853
哇哦，你一个人就把城池给夺回来了

464
00:34:57,853 --&gt; 00:35:03,285
你们在日食那天有什么收获啊？

465
00:35:03,285 --&gt; 00:35:06,567
-没啥   -啥也没干

466
00:35:07,130 --&gt; 00:35:09,608
我需要集中精力，进入我的内心

467
00:35:19,176 --&gt; 00:35:21,432
我是神通库鲁克

468
00:35:21,432 --&gt; 00:35:27,196
安昂，年轻时的我一直随波逐流

469
00:35:28,541 --&gt; 00:35:34,120
天下的人都能自给自足，和平共处，安居乐业

470
00:35:35,830 --&gt; 00:35:42,014
不过我的爱妻却被那个偷脸贼“口”掳走了

471
00:35:43,661 --&gt; 00:35:49,869
都是我的错，如果我时刻保持警惕，就不会失去她了

472
00:35:49,869 --&gt; 00:35:57,000
安昂，你必须积极的应对你的命运，应对天下的命运

473
00:36:08,400 --&gt; 00:36:10,586
好了，咱们到了

474
00:36:10,586 --&gt; 00:36:13,005
欢迎大家到“老人营”来

475
00:36:14,402 --&gt; 00:36:17,390
他，他在哪儿？

476
00:36:17,390 --&gt; 00:36:19,767
祖寇王子，你皇叔的帐篷在那儿

477
00:36:30,888 --&gt; 00:36:31,739
你还好吧

478
00:36:31,739 --&gt; 00:36:33,591
不，我不好

479
00:36:33,591 --&gt; 00:36:35,960
皇叔一定很记恨我

480
00:36:35,960 --&gt; 00:36:38,843
他一直竭尽全力的关心我爱护我

481
00:36:38,843 --&gt; 00:36:40,927
可我还是反过来背叛了他

482
00:36:41,159 --&gt; 00:36:43,111
我无颜面对他

483
00:36:43,111 --&gt; 00:36:46,232
祖寇，你一定很后悔做过那些错事吧

484
00:36:46,232 --&gt; 00:36:49,082
无比后悔，后悔至极

485
00:36:49,082 --&gt; 00:36:52,150
他一定会原谅你的，一定会的

486
00:37:00,838 --&gt; 00:37:02,059
皇叔

487
00:37:17,146 --&gt; 00:37:21,839
所有这些前世都让我杀掉烈火王

488
00:37:21,839 --&gt; 00:37:23,216
他们不明白

489
00:37:23,800 --&gt; 00:37:24,594
你说的对

490
00:37:24,594 --&gt; 00:37:28,233
也许气宗的神通会了解我的苦衷

491
00:37:30,298 --&gt; 00:37:31,914
我知道你不能说话

492
00:37:31,914 --&gt; 00:37:33,823
不过假装你能说话，可以帮助我思考

493
00:37:33,823 --&gt; 00:37:37,919
我现在得假装没有假设你会说话

494
00:37:45,500 --&gt; 00:37:49,481
我是神通杨尘，幸会啊，气宗晚辈

495
00:37:49,512 --&gt; 00:37:54,032
神通杨尘，长老们一直教导我众生平等的道理

496
00:37:54,032 --&gt; 00:37:56,989
即使是微小蝼蚁的生命也是十分可贵的

497
00:37:56,989 --&gt; 00:38:00,502
没错，生命皆是可贵的

498
00:38:00,502 --&gt; 00:38:02,790
我知道，而且我还是个素食者

499
00:38:02,790 --&gt; 00:38:06,199
我一直试图快速机智的解决我遇到的问题

500
00:38:06,199 --&gt; 00:38:08,953
只有在逼不得已的时候才会使用暴力来防御抵抗

501
00:38:08,953 --&gt; 00:38:11,483
我不想滥杀生命

502
00:38:11,483 --&gt; 00:38:15,793
安昂神通，我能体谅你博爱众生的精神

503
00:38:15,793 --&gt; 00:38:17,618
看来长老们教导的很好

504
00:38:17,618 --&gt; 00:38:22,319
不过你的决定并不是为了你自己，而是为了天下苍生

505
00:38:22,319 --&gt; 00:38:24,791
可是长老们告诉我只要超脱小我

506
00:38:24,791 --&gt; 00:38:27,092
灵魂就可以得到解放

507
00:38:27,092 --&gt; 00:38:29,237
许多伟大睿智的气宗都可以超脱小我

508
00:38:31,237 --&gt; 00:38:34,017
达到灵魂飞升的境界

509
00:38:34,017 --&gt; 00:38:36,387
不过神通永远也无法做到这点

510
00:38:36,387 --&gt; 00:38:39,651
因为维护天下是你的大任

511
00:38:39,651 --&gt; 00:38:42,548
听我的没错的

512
00:38:43,115 --&gt; 00:38:47,893
你有大任在身，你要放弃自己的精神追求

513
00:38:47,893 --&gt; 00:38:52,472
为了保护这个世界，你要不惜一切代价

514
00:38:56,621 --&gt; 00:38:59,498
模模，看来我没的选择了

515
00:38:59,498 --&gt; 00:39:02,089
我得杀掉烈火王

516
00:39:15,844 --&gt; 00:39:20,746
皇叔，我知道见到我你一定会五味杂陈

517
00:39:21,633 --&gt; 00:39:26,708
但我想让你知道，我是多么多么的后悔

518
00:39:26,708 --&gt; 00:39:30,299
对于我做过的一切，我感到无比的惭愧

519
00:39:31,067 --&gt; 00:39:34,300
我不知道怎样才能补偿你，可是我...

520
00:39:39,150 --&gt; 00:39:41,408
您怎么这么轻易就原谅我了

521
00:39:41,408 --&gt; 00:39:43,954
我原以为您见到我一定会很愤怒的

522
00:39:43,954 --&gt; 00:39:46,817
我从来都没有生过你的气

523
00:39:46,817 --&gt; 00:39:51,878
我只是伤心你迷失了人生的方向

524
00:39:51,878 --&gt; 00:39:53,743
我过去的确是迷失了自己

525
00:39:53,743 --&gt; 00:39:58,837
不过你终于走出了困惑

526
00:39:58,837 --&gt; 00:40:02,118
全靠你自己啊

527
00:40:02,307 --&gt; 00:40:06,488
你能找来这里，我真的是太高兴了

528
00:40:06,488 --&gt; 00:40:09,301
皇叔，找到你其实并不难啊

529
00:40:09,301 --&gt; 00:40:11,672
你身上的气味特别的浓

530
00:40:23,704 --&gt; 00:40:25,421
等等

531
00:40:25,421 --&gt; 00:40:29,037
不是我看花眼了吧，那些山好像越来越大了

532
00:40:38,886 --&gt; 00:40:42,084
它们不是变大了，而是离我们越来越近了

533
00:40:44,849 --&gt; 00:40:46,598
整座小岛都在移动
(疑似LOST的主题音乐)

534
00:41:12,477 --&gt; 00:41:16,355
模模，这真是太奇妙了，这想必是世上最大的动物了吧

535
00:41:16,355 --&gt; 00:41:18,440
我得游过去，好好看看它的样子

536
00:41:30,894 --&gt; 00:41:35,690
皇叔，除了神通之外你是唯一可与“父亲王”抗衡的人了

537
00:41:35,690 --&gt; 00:41:37,862
你是说烈火王吧

538
00:41:37,862 --&gt; 00:41:39,235
我刚才就是那么说的

539
00:41:41,036 --&gt; 00:41:43,244
我们需要您的帮助

540
00:41:43,244 --&gt; 00:41:47,068
不行，祖寇，这样不会有好结果的

541
00:41:47,068 --&gt; 00:41:50,128
我们会帮助您与他作战的

542
00:41:50,128 --&gt; 00:41:55,250
即使我过去战胜过他，我可能也不方便去与他单挑

543
00:41:55,250 --&gt; 00:41:58,143
况且这不是结束战争的理想方法

544
00:41:58,385 --&gt; 00:42:05,292
这会让我落下弑兄篡权的恶名

545
00:42:05,292 --&gt; 00:42:11,570
与烈火王决战的人选只能是神通

546
00:42:12,639 --&gt; 00:42:16,997
之后你会回去承袭王位吗？

547
00:42:16,997 --&gt; 00:42:21,185
不，王位另有人选

548
00:42:21,185 --&gt; 00:42:26,242
这个人拥有纯净心灵和无可置疑荣耀

549
00:42:26,242 --&gt; 00:42:29,592
那个人就是你，祖寇王子

550
00:42:29,592 --&gt; 00:42:31,788
我哪有无可置疑的荣耀？

551
00:42:31,788 --&gt; 00:42:33,442
我犯下了这么多错误

552
00:42:33,442 --&gt; 00:42:35,852
是的，没错

553
00:42:35,852 --&gt; 00:42:38,681
你挣扎过，也受过很多的苦

554
00:42:38,734 --&gt; 00:42:42,408
不过你一直没有放弃自己的信仰

555
00:42:42,408 --&gt; 00:42:44,801
你找回了自己的荣耀

556
00:42:44,801 --&gt; 00:42:48,810
也只有你才能恢复火宗的荣耀

557
00:42:48,810 --&gt; 00:42:51,436
皇叔，我会努力的

558
00:42:52,170 --&gt; 00:42:54,919
那个，要是安昂回不来该怎么办？

559
00:42:54,919 --&gt; 00:42:59,641
苏进的彗星即将到来，我们的责任重大

560
00:42:59,641 --&gt; 00:43:02,155
安昂会去与烈火王决斗

561
00:43:02,666 --&gt; 00:43:08,431
儿时的我，经常梦见自己攻下了永固城

562
00:43:08,431 --&gt; 00:43:14,734
现在我终于明白，从火宗手里夺回永固城才是我的使命

563
00:43:14,734 --&gt; 00:43:18,603
我要还土强国自由

564
00:43:18,603 --&gt; 00:43:22,060
这就是你召集白莲教众的原因吧

565
00:43:22,060 --&gt; 00:43:23,109
是的

566
00:43:23,842 --&gt; 00:43:27,770
祖寇，你必须赶回烈火国

567
00:43:27,770 --&gt; 00:43:31,570
这样在烈火王被消灭之时就可以接过王位

568
00:43:31,570 --&gt; 00:43:34,404
让火宗恢复和平与秩序

569
00:43:34,404 --&gt; 00:43:38,317
不过阿祖拉将会是个大麻烦

570
00:43:38,317 --&gt; 00:43:40,059
我能搞定阿祖拉

571
00:43:40,059 --&gt; 00:43:42,809
不要只身前往，你需要帮手

572
00:43:42,897 --&gt; 00:43:48,511
您说的对，卡塔拉，你愿意帮我对付阿祖拉吗？

573
00:43:48,511 --&gt; 00:43:50,459
荣幸之至

574
00:43:50,459 --&gt; 00:43:53,122
我们该做些什么呢？我们的使命是什么？

575
00:43:53,122 --&gt; 00:43:55,931
你认为呢？

576
00:43:55,931 --&gt; 00:43:59,175
我认为，虽然安昂还未有下落

577
00:43:59,175 --&gt; 00:44:01,993
我们也要尽力阻止气艇部队

578
00:44:02,108 --&gt; 00:44:05,085
这样，在安昂与烈火王对战时

579
00:44:05,085 --&gt; 00:44:06,949
我们可以向他伸出援手

580
00:44:12,044 --&gt; 00:44:17,097
巨猎犬鳗无论在陆上还是水中都可以日行千里

581
00:44:17,113 --&gt; 00:44:21,742
火宗气艇的基地就在离土强国海岸不远的一座小岛上

582
00:44:21,742 --&gt; 00:44:25,113
不需一日你应该就能到达那里了

583
00:44:26,361 --&gt; 00:44:27,609
多谢师傅

584
00:44:32,989 --&gt; 00:44:36,128
战争结束之后，我就是烈火王了

585
00:44:36,128 --&gt; 00:44:38,182
那您要去干嘛呢？

586
00:44:38,182 --&gt; 00:44:44,265
在夺回永固城之后，我要夺回我的茶馆

587
00:44:44,265 --&gt; 00:44:47,946
我每天都要玩牌手

588
00:44:52,276 --&gt; 00:44:54,252
再见了，艾洛将军

589
00:44:54,252 --&gt; 00:44:55,956
各位，保重

590
00:44:55,956 --&gt; 00:44:59,644
今天，命运是我们的朋友

591
00:44:59,644 --&gt; 00:45:01,408
我能感觉的到

592
00:45:42,403 --&gt; 00:45:44,384
原来是头“狮龟”

593
00:45:47,352 --&gt; 00:45:49,562
也许你能帮助我

594
00:45:49,562 --&gt; 00:45:52,818
现在大家，就连我的前世在内

595
00:45:52,818 --&gt; 00:45:55,545
都希望我去结束烈火王的生命

596
00:45:56,881 --&gt; 00:45:58,881
我不确定自己能否做到

597
00:45:58,881 --&gt; 00:46:05,664
真实会驱散谎言和幻想，他会引导你走出迷雾

598
00:46:05,664 --&gt; 00:46:10,861
真心可以让你免受仇恨的荼毒

599
00:46:10,861 --&gt; 00:46:15,666
自从天地混沌之时，黑暗就不是虚空出现的

600
00:46:15,666 --&gt; 00:46:19,749
它一直与光明相依相生

601
00:46:29,687 --&gt; 00:46:33,572
等着他，他会来的

602
00:46:44,436 --&gt; 00:46:48,522
是时候了，让这个世界在烈火中毁灭吧

603
00:46:48,522 --&gt; 00:46:53,063
新世界将会在灰烬中重生

604
00:47:17,117 --&gt; 00:47:21,778
第三卷
火
    </div>
