# S03E08 - The Puppetmaster

**Languages:** English / 中文

<table class="script-table">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>English</th>
      <th>中文</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><pre class="script">
The Puppetmaster

Written By: Tim Hedrick
Directed By: Joaquim Dos Santos
Storyboard: Ian Graham, Oh Seung Hyun, Kenji Ono, Tomihiro Yamaguchi,
Joaquim Dos Santos
Animation By: Moi Animation
Transcriber: Avatar_Mom and Psycho Silver

[Introduction sequence includes clips from The Boy in the Iceberg, Siege
of the North Part I, and the Runaway]

Act I

(The episode opens with a shot of the waxing moon hovering in the night
sky, almost full. Cut to a shot of a field of red flowers. A single, large
mountain is seen in the background underneath the bright moon. Cut to a
shot of Appa fast asleep inside a cave. The camera pans right to Aang and
his friends gathered around a campfire underneath a gnarled and twisted
tree. Cut to a close up of Sokka.)

Sokka: Suddenly, they heard something down the hall, in the dark.
Oooh...It came into the torchlight. And they knew the blade of Wing - Fun
was haunted! Aah-ah...

(Sokka dramatically pulls his sword out and wails in an attempt to be
scary. Aang, Katara, and Toph are unimpressed.)

Aang: I think I liked &quot;the man with a sword for a hand&quot; better.
Toph: Water Tribe slumber parties must stink.
Katara: No, wait, I&#x27;ve got one, and this is a true Southern Water Tribe
story.
Sokka: Is this one of those &quot;a friend of my cousin knew some guy that this
happened to&quot; stories?

Katara: No, it happened to Mom. (everyone focuses their attention on her)
One winter, when Mom was a girl, a snowstorm buried the whole village for
weeks. A month later, Mom realized she hadn&#x27;t seen her friend Nini since
the storm. So mom and some others went to check on Nini&#x27;s family. When
they got there, no one was home, just a fire flickering in the fireplace.
While the men went out to search, Mom stayed in the house. When she was
alone, she heard a voice, (little girl’s voice) &quot;It&#x27;s so cold and I can&#x27;t
get warm.&quot; Mom turned and saw Nini standing by the fire. She was blue,
like she was frozen. Mom ran outside for help, but…when every one came
back, Nini was gone.

(Aang wraps Momo’s ears around his head nervously. The camera pans left to
Sokka, who is hiding behind a tree trunk and peering over.)

Sokka: Where&#x27;d she go‌
Katara: No one knows. Nini&#x27;s house stands empty to this day. But
sometimes, people see smoke coming up from the chimney, like little Nini
is still trying to get warm.

(The camera zooms out from a shot of the gang huddled around the fire,
looking through the twisted tree limbs. Ominous music is heard in the
background. Cut to a close up of Toph. She gasps and places a hand to the
ground.)

Toph: Wait. Guys, did you hear that? I hear people under the mountain, and
they&#x27;re screaming.

(Aang, Katara, Momo, and Sokka all hug each other, trembling with fear.
Sokka soon regains his composure.)

Sokka: Pft, nice try.

(Cut back to the shot looking through the tree limbs.)

Toph: No, I&#x27;m serious, I hear something.
Katara: You&#x27;re probably just jumpy from the ghost stories.
Toph: It just stopped.
Aang: All right, now I&#x27;m getting scared.
Old Woman: Hello, children. (Aang, Katara, Sokka, and Momo all scream and
run off, revealing her. They all gather around and hug Toph. She walks
into the fire’s light) Sorry to frighten you, my name is Hama. You
children shouldn&#x27;t be out in the forest by yourselves at night. I have an
inn nearby, why don&#x27;t you come back there for some spiced tea and warm
beds‌

(The camera pans across the faces of the group, stopping at Sokka.)

Sokka: Yes, please.

(Hama smiles and walks away. The scene shifts to a shot of several houses
situated on a steep slope. The camera tilts up to an old in at the top of
the slope. Cut to a close up of a small cup being filled with hot water.
Cut to a panning right shot of everyone gathered around a square table
under a single lit lamp in the dining room. They all have cups of tea, and
Hama is pouring Katara’s.)

Katara: Thanks for letting us stay here tonight. You have a lovely inn.
Hama: Aren&#x27;t you sweet? You know, you should be careful. People have been
disappearing in those woods you were camping in.
Sokka: What do you mean, disappearing?
Hama: (ominously) When the moon turns full, people walk in, and they don&#x27;t
come out. (cheerfully) Who wants more tea? (she frowns. The camera pans
across the table, showing the fearful expression the kids all have) Don&#x27;t
worry; you&#x27;ll all be completely safe here. Why don&#x27;t I show you to your
rooms, and you can get a good night&#x27;s rest?

(The scene shifts to Sokka’s room and zooms in on him lying in his bed.
Momo is asleep on the floor. The creaking of old trees is heard outside.
Cut to a close up of Sokka rolling over, unable to fall asleep. He shuts
his eyes, but opens them in terror when he hears a high pitched squeak
from inside. Sokka grabs his sword and quickly sits up, drawing it. Momo
chirps and hides under his covers. He looks around, but nothing is there,
so he sheathes his sword.)

Sokka: I know Momo, this place is creepy. I don&#x27;t know if I&#x27;m gonna be
able to fall asleep.

(Sokka pulls the covers up to his eyes and looks left and right nervously.
The screen slides upward like a roll of film and transitions to a shot of
Sokka fast asleep, snoring and drooling. Cut to the wide shot of the room
and pan right. The scene fades to morning and Sokka is now lying over the
side of his bed on the floor. Cut to an upside down close up of Sokka
snoring. Someone walks up to him, casting their shadow over his face and
waking him.)

Hama: Wakey-wakey. (Sokka wakes up and rubs his eyes. Cut to Sokka’s
perspective as she leans over him and smiles) Time to go shopping.

(Katara walks into Sokka’s view, smiling happily. Cut back to the close up
of Sokka. The camera turns counter-clockwise and fades to a similar close
up of Sokka dressed and carrying grocery bags with his sword in the town
market. The camera quickly zooms out to a close up of Hama handing three
coins to a merchant. Cut to a shot of Hama and Katara walking away as the
old merchant smiles and waves goodbye. Cut to a close up of Katara.)

Katara: That Mr. Yao seems to have a thing for you. Maybe we should go
back and see if he&#x27;ll give us some free komodo sausages.
Hama: You would have me use my feminine charms to take advantage of that
poor man? I think you and I are going to get along swimmingly.

(Katara and Hama walk off camera and reveal a townsman talking to a
different merchant.)

Townsman: You won&#x27;t have any ash bananas till next week‌
Merchant: Well, I have to send the boy to Hing-Wa Island to get them, and
it&#x27;s a two-day trip.
Townsman: Oh, right, tomorrow&#x27;s the full moon.
Merchant: Exactly, I can&#x27;t lose another delivery boy in the woods.

(Sokka, Aang, and Toph walk past the townsman and merchant, overhearing
their conversation.

Sokka: People disappearing in the woods, weird stuff during full
moons…this just reeks of spirit world shenanigans.
Aang: I bet if we take a little walk around town, we&#x27;ll find out what
these people did to the environment to make the spirits mad.
Sokka: And then you can sew up this little mystery, lickety-split,
Avatar-style.
Aang: Helping people…that&#x27;s what I do.

(Cut to an overhead shot of the entire group. Hama stops and turns to
Katara.)

Hama: Why don&#x27;t you all take those things back to the inn? I just have to
run a couple more errands. I&#x27;ll be back in a little while.
Sokka: This is a mysterious little town you have here (looks right into
Hama’s face).

(Cut to an extreme close up of Hama.)

Hama: (cryptically and smiling) Mysterious town for mysterious children.

(Hama walks away. The camera zooms in on Sokka, who has an odd, confused
expression. Cut to a shot of Hama’s inn, then to the kitchen inside. Sokka
places the wooden bucket of groceries on the table and the camera tilts up
to him.)

Sokka: That Hama seems a little strange. Like she knows something, or
she&#x27;s hiding something.
Katara: That&#x27;s ridiculous. She&#x27;s a nice woman who took us in and gave us a
place to stay.
She kind of reminds me of Gran-Gran.
Sokka: But what did she mean by that comment, &quot;mysterious children&quot;?
Katara: (sarcastically) Gee, I don&#x27;t know. Maybe because she found four
strange kids, camping in the woods at night‌ Isn&#x27;t that a little
mysterious?
Sokka: I&#x27;m gonna take a look around.

(Sokka walks out of the kitchen and up a nearby flight of stairs. Katara,
Aang, and Toph follow after.)

Katara: Sokka! Sokka, what are you doing‌ You can&#x27;t just snoop around
someone&#x27;s house.
Sokka: It&#x27;ll be fine.

(Sokka proceeds to open one of the doors upstairs and glances inside the
dark room. It is only a simple bedroom and he closes the door back.)

Aang: She could be home any minute.
Katara: (nervous) Sokka, you&#x27;re gonna get us all in trouble, and this is
just plain rude.

(Sokka finds a cabinet in the wall and grabs the door handles, trying to
open it, but they are stuck.)

Sokka: I&#x27;m not finished yet. [grunts] Come on...

(Sokka yanks the doors open. Cut to a close up of several marionettes
falling forward, being held in place by their strings. They all yelp in
surprise. Sokka jumps back and draws his sword at the puppets in fright,
his back against the wall and sliding to the floor.)

Aang: Ok, that&#x27;s pretty creepy.
Katara: (closes the doors) So… she&#x27;s got a hobby. There&#x27;s nothing weird
about that. Sokka, you&#x27;ve looked enough. Hama will be back soon.

(Sokka makes his way up into the dark attic and tries to open a nearby
door, but it is locked. The other three walk up the stairs and join him.)

Sokka: Just an ordinary, puppet-loving innkeeper, huh‌ Then why does she
have a locked door up here?
Katara: (angry) Probably to keep people like you from snooping through her
stuff.
Sokka: We&#x27;ll see. (peers in through the keyhole. Cut to his perspective.
The camera zooms in on a small chest, sitting in the light shining through
the attic window) It&#x27;s empty except for a little chest.
Toph: (excitedly) Maybe it&#x27;s treasure.

(Sokka smiles gleefully at the thought of treasure. Aang and Katara frown
at Toph. Sokka draws his sword and begins to pick the door’s lock with its
tip.)

Katara: Sokka, what are you doing? You&#x27;re breaking into a private room.
Sokka: I have to see what&#x27;s in there.

(There is a click and the door opens. Cut to a close up of the chest. The
group can be seen walking up to it from behind.)

Aang: We shouldn&#x27;t be doing this.

(Sokka reaches down and picks up the chest. He tries to open it, but the
chest is locked.)

Sokka: Maybe there&#x27;s a key here somewhere.
Toph: Oh, hand it over.

(Sokka hands Toph the chest. She takes the armband made of space earth
from her arm and bends it into the shape of a key. Toph pushes the key
inside the chest’s lock and begins turning it.)

Sokka: Come on, come on!
Toph: This isn&#x27;t as easy it looks.

(Katara looks over Toph’s shoulders, blinking nervously. The sound of a
bell is added to her blinks for humorous effect.)

Aang: (nervous) Guys, I don&#x27;t know about this.
Katara: This is crazy, I&#x27;m leaving.
Sokka: Suit yourself. Do it, Toph.

(Katara begins to walk away. Cut to a close up of the chest as a click is
heard. Cut to a shot of Toph as she gives a thumb up to Sokka and Aang.
Both gather around the chest and even Katara runs back to try and look
inside. They all inadvertently push Toph to the side. Their cheeks are
pressed together comically. The lid of the chest is slowly lifted until a
voice is heard behind them)

Hama: I&#x27;ll tell you what&#x27;s in the box.

(Aang, Sokka, and Katara yell with fear and alarm. The four quickly turn
around and Sokka hides the chest behind his back. Cut to a tilting up shot
of Hama standing in the attic doorway as she walks forward. Cut to a shot
of the kids. Sokka, Katara, and Aang look down with guilt as Sokka hands
the chest to Hama. Cut to a shot from inside the chest as Hama opens it
and reaches inside. Cut to a close up of Sokka’s eyes, wide with fear and
anticipation. Hama begins to lift the object from the chest. Cut to a shot
of the four kids. They look up in fear as Hama lifts the object in front
of the camera. The tension is lifted when the object is revealed to be
nothing more than a simple blue comb made from whale bone. Hama smiles at
them cheerfully.)

Sokka: (disbelief) An old comb‌
Hama: It&#x27;s my greatest treasure. It&#x27;s the last thing I owned from growing
up in the Southern Water Tribe.

(The camera zooms in on Sokka and Katara as a wave of shock goes through
them. Fade to black, then commercial.)

Act II

(The episode returns to a shot of the kids staring at Hama in shock.)

Katara: You&#x27;re from the Southern Water Tribe‌
Hama: Just like you.
Katara: How did you know‌
Hama: I heard you talking around your campfire.
Sokka: But why didn&#x27;t you tell us?
Hama: I wanted to surprise you. I bought all this food today so I could
fix you a big, Water Tribe dinner. Of course, I can&#x27;t get all the
ingredients I need here, but ocean kumquats are a lot like sea prunes, if
you stew them long enough.
Aang: (grimaces in utter disgust) Great.
Katara: I knew I felt a bond with you right away.
Sokka: And I knew you were keeping a secret, so I guess we&#x27;re both right.
(Katara punches him in the arm) But I&#x27;m sorry we were sneaking around.
Hama: Apology accepted. Now let&#x27;s get cooking.

(The scene cuts to the outside of the inn. It is night, and lights can be
seen in the windows. The camera pans left as Aang runs outside to a small
barn. Cut to the inside of the barn where Appa and Momo are staying. Aang
opens the door and tosses a cabbage into Appa’s mouth. Momo jumps to the
ground and chirps furiously as Appa. Appa spits the cabbage out. Momo
grabs the cabbage and carries it off screen.

Cut to a close up of Hama placing a bowl of soup on the table inside the
inn. Cut to a panning right shot of everyone seated at the dinner table,
empty bowls placed in front of them. Cut to a shot of Aang leaning over to
Toph.)

Aang: I&#x27;d steer clear of the “sea prunes”.
Toph: I thought they were ocean kumquats.
Aang: Close enough.
Hama: Who wants five-flavor soup?

(Aang, Katara, and Sokka raise their hands. Hama places her hand over the
bowl of soup and bends the liquid out of it. With a flick of her fingers,
Hama bends the soup into everyone’s bowls, much to their amazement.)

Katara: You&#x27;re a Waterbender! I&#x27;ve never met another Waterbender from our
tribe.
Hama: (sadly) That&#x27;s because the fire nation wiped them all out. I was the
last one.
Sokka: So how did you end up out here?
Hama: I was stolen from my home. (fade to a flashback of a young Hama in
the Southern Water Tribe) It was over 60 years ago when the raids started.

(Hama walks over to a young Kana and they both giggle. Hama looks up as
black snow begins to fall from the sky. Cut to Hama and Kana running up
the steps to the top of the wall surrounding the village. The camera tilts
up to reveal Fire Nation ships floating out in the water, and large fire
balls flying towards the camera. Cut to an overhead shot of the village
being bombarded. Cut to a close up of several firebenders marching away
from the ships, ash and soot falling all around them.

Cut to a shot of a firebender throwing fireballs in every direction.
Villagers run away in fright, and another firebender runs onscreen behind
him. A waterbender emerges from underneath the snow behind the firebender,
encasing the firebender in the background in a pillar of ice and knocking
the one in the foreground away with a trail of ice from the ground. A
large net is thrown over the waterbender and he is dragged off screen.

Cut to a shot of Hama and several other waterbenders as they fight of the
firebenders. To of the waterbenders behind her are captured by the nets. A
net is thrown over Hama, but she cuts it in half with a blade of water.)

Hama: (voice over) They came again and again, each time, rounding up more
of our Waterbenders, and taking them captive.

(Young Hama watches as the other waterbenders are dragged off towards the
ships. Fade to a close up of Hama panting. The camera zooms out to a shot
of her and several other waterbenders raising their arms upward. Cut to a
far shot of a fire nation ship being pushed up and trapped by the ice
underneath that Hama and the other waterbenders are bending. It is the
same ship that Aang and Katara explored in “The Boy in the Iceberg.”)

Hama: (voice over) We did our best to hold them off, but our numbers
dwindled as the raids continued.

(The waterbenders behind Hama fade and disappear until only Hama is left.
Cut to a close up of Hama. The camera rotates around her and zooms out to
show firebenders surrounding her. She lowers her hands in defeat. )

Hama: (voice over) Finally, I too was captured.

(Cut to an overhead shot of Hama surrounded by three large rings of
firebenders. A fire nation flag flutters in the foreground. Cut to a shot
of Hama being led up the steps of a Fire Nation ship, her hands shackled.)

Hama: (voice over) I was led away in chains. The last Waterbender of the
Southern Water Tribe.

(Cut to a shot of Hama standing at the top of the steps, flanked by the
firebenders. The camera zooms out before cutting to a shot of young Kana,
tears in her eyes, and a few other villagers looking back. Cut to a close
up of a tears eyed Hama. A shadow passes over her. Cut to Hama’s
perspective as the stairs are pulled up. With a loud thud, the flash back
ends and the scene shifts back to Hama in the present. The camera zooms
out as Katara walks to Hama and puts her hands on Hama’s shoulders
consolingly.)

Hama: They put us in terrible prisons here in the Fire Nation. I was the
only one who managed to escape.
Sokka: How did you get away‌ And why did you stay in the Fire Nation‌
Hama: I&#x27;m sorry. It&#x27;s too painful to talk about anymore.
Katara: We completely understand. We lost our mother in a raid.
Hama: (patting Katara’s hand) Oh, you poor things.

(Aang and Sokka lower their heads solemnly)

Katara: I can&#x27;t tell you what it means to meet you. It&#x27;s an honor, you&#x27;re
a hero.
Hama: I never thought I&#x27;d meet another Southern Waterbender. I&#x27;d like to
teach you what I know, so you can carry on the Southern Tradition when I&#x27;m
gone.
Katara: (excitedly) Yes, yes of course! To learn about my heritage, it
would mean everything to me.

(Cut to a close up of Hama and zoom in as she smiles. Cut to a shot of the
town on the next day.)

Hama: (off screen) Growing up at the South Pole, Waterbenders are totally
at home surrounded by snow and ice and seas. (the camera tilts down to
Hama and Katara walking over a rocky hillside outside the village) But, as
you probably noticed on your travels, that isn&#x27;t the case wherever you go.

Katara: I know, when we were stranded in the desert, I felt like there was
almost nothing I could do.
Hama: That&#x27;s why you have to learn to control water wherever it exists.
Katara: I&#x27;ve even used my own sweat for waterbending.
Hama: That&#x27;s very resourceful, Katara. You&#x27;re thinking like a true master.
But did you know you can even pull water out of thin air? (throws her hand
out and creates a circle over her head, collecting the moisture in the
air) You&#x27;ve got to keep an open mind, Katara. (cut to a close up of the
water forming around her fingers and turning into icicles) There&#x27;s water
in places you never think about.

(Hama swings her hand around behind her and throws the icicles. They lodge
themselves into the trunk of a nearby tree with ease. Cut to a close up of
Hama. The camera pans to the right slightly and zooms in on Katara
standing behind her, looking on happily. Cut to a panning right shot of a
river in the Fire Nation countryside from the top of a mountain. Aang
comes into view.)

Aang: This has gotta be the nicest, natural setting in the Fire Nation. I
don&#x27;t see anything that would make a spirit mad around here.
Toph: Maybe the moon spirit just turned mean.

(Sokka takes a big whiff of some yellow flowers before turning to Toph.)

Sokka: (furious) The moon spirit is a gentle, loving lady. She rules the
sky with compassion and…lunar goodness.

(A traveler walks down the nearby trail and Aang turns to him.)

Aang: Excuse me, sir. Can you tell us anything about the spirit that&#x27;s
been stealing people?
Traveling Townsman: Only one man ever saw it and lived, and that&#x27;s Old Man
Ding.
Toph: Where does Old Man Ding live?

(The scene shifts to Katara and Hama walking through the field of red
flowers dotted with large rocks. The mountain can be seen in the
distance.)

Katara: Wow, these flowers are beautiful.
Hama: They&#x27;re called Fire Lilies. They only bloom a few weeks a year, but
they&#x27;re one of my favorite things about living here. And like all plants,
and all living things, they&#x27;re filled with water.
Katara: I met a Waterbender who lived in a swamp, and could control the
vines by bending the water inside.
Hama: You can take it even further.

(Hama waves her hands in a large circle, being the water right out of the
fire lilies surrounding her, making them dry, black and shriveled. Hama
completes the circle and chops her hand downward at tall rock. The water
hits the rock and passes through, cleanly slicing off four pieces.)

Katara: That was incredible. (stares down at the flowers sadly) It&#x27;s a
shame about the lilies, though.
Hama: They&#x27;re just flowers. When you&#x27;re a Waterbender in a strange land,
you do what you must to survive. Tonight, I&#x27;ll teach you the ultimate
technique of Waterbending. It can only be done during the full moon, when
your bending is at its peak.
Katara: But isn&#x27;t that dangerous? I thought people have been disappearing
around here during the full moon.
Hama: Oh, Katara. Two master Waterbenders beneath a full moon? I don&#x27;t
think we have anything to worry about.

(Katara and Hama begin walking away towards the forest. The camera tilts
up and fades to an overhead shot of Aang, Sokka, and Toph walking through
town at night. The camera tilts up to an old man at work on one of the
small houses. Cut to a close up of the old man steadying his hammer as he
holds a nail against a board.)

Aang: (off screen) Old Man Ding‌

(The camera zooms out slightly. Old Man Ding glances back behind him just
as he brings his hammer down on his thumb, causing him an immense amount
of pain and to drop his hammer.)

Old Man Ding: Eeh, yeow! Aw, dang blame it! What‌ Can&#x27;t you see I&#x27;m busy‌
Got a full moon rising. And why does everyone call me that? I&#x27;m not that
old. (crouches down to lift up a board, but is too weak) Aww...well, I&#x27;m
young at heart. (Aang reaches down and helps him lift the board up to the
window) Not ready to get snapped up by some moon monster, yet, at least.
Sokka: (takes the hammer and nail and proceeds to nail the board down) We
wanted to ask you about that.
Aang: Did you get a good look at the spirit that took you?
Old Man Ding: Didn&#x27;t see no spirit. Just felt something come over me, like
I was possessed. Forced me to start walking toward the mountain. (cut to a
close up of Ding’s finger pointing at the mountain) I tried to fight it,
but I couldn&#x27;t control my own limbs. (walks around a bit like he is
possessed) It just about had me into a cave up there. And I looked up at
the moon, for what I thought would be my last glimpse of light. But then,
the sun started to rise. And I got control of myself again! I just
high-tailed it away from that mountain as quick as I could!
Sokka: Why would a spirit want to take people to a mountain?
Toph: Oh, no! (she startles Aang and Sokka) I did hear people screaming
under the mountain. The missing villagers must still be there.

(The camera zooms out from a shot of them all staring up at the mountain.
Cut to commercial.)

Act III

(The show returns to a shot of Toph’s feet running across the ground. She,
Sokka, and Aang sprint through the woods until she stops and places a hand
on the ground.)

Toph: I can hear them, they&#x27;re this way.

(Toph, Aang, and Sokka all run towards the mountain. Cut to a close up of
the full moon shining brightly in the sky. Cut to a far, overhead shot of
Katara and Hama in the woods.)

Hama: Can you feel the power the full moon brings? (inhales deeply) For
generations, it has blessed Waterbenders with its glow, allowing us to do
incredible things. Cut to a close up of her arm as she flexes her hand and
as her veins begin to pop out. Cut to a shot of her staring at the moon,
arms outstretched, then to an extreme close up of her face) I&#x27;ve never
felt more alive.

(The scene cuts back to Toph, Aang, and Sokka making their way to the foot
of the mountain. Cut to a shot from the inside of a cave as the three come
to its mouth.)

Toph: This is the place.
Sokka: I can&#x27;t see anything down there.
Toph: (takes Sokka’s hand) That&#x27;s why you have me, let&#x27;s go.

(They all jump into the darkness of the cave. The camera zooms in, and the
scene fades to darkness before returning to a shot of the inside of the
cave. The camera pans right to a wall and metal doorway that are lit by
two torches. Toph, Aang, and Sokka run up to it. Toph stops at the door,
stomps her foot down behind her for support, and punches the door with
both fists, knocking it off its hinges. They make their way further into
the cave, Sokka and Aang lighting the way with the torches. Cut to their
point of view as they enter a new chamber. They stop, and Sokka and Aang
stare with shock as the torch light reveals dozens of men and women
chained to the walls of the cave.)

1st Male Prisoner: We&#x27;re saved.

(The three enter the chamber. Toph takes her armband off and begins
unlocking one person’s shackles.)

Aang: I didn&#x27;t know that spirits made prisons like this, who brought you
here?
Female Prisoner: It was no spirit.
2nd Male Prisoner: It was a witch.
Sokka: A witch, what do you mean?
Male Prisoner: She seems like a normal old woman, but she controls people
like some dark puppetmaster.
Sokka: (angry) Hama!
1st Male Prisoner: Yes, the innkeeper.
Sokka: I knew there was something creepy about her.
Aang: We have to stop Hama!
Toph: I&#x27;ll get these people out of here, you go.

(Sokka gives one of the freed prisoners his torch before running with
Aang. Cut to a shot of a cat-owl sitting on a tree branch, directly in
front of the moon, hooting and swishing its tail before flying away. Cut
to a panning right shot of Hama and Katara, their backs to the camera.)

Hama: What I&#x27;m about to show you, I discovered in that wretched, Fire
Nation prison. (fade to a flashback of a close up of young Hama staring
through the bars of a cell and looking down sadly) The guards were always
careful to keep any water away from us. They piped in dry air, and had us
suspended away from the ground.

(Cut to a panning right shot of the prison. The cells hang from chains,
and there are pipes lining the walls. The guards stand on walkways between
the cells.)

Hama: (voiceover) Before giving us any water, they would bind our hands
and feet so we couldn&#x27;t bend. Any sign of trouble was met with cruel
retribution.

(Cut to a shot of a guard holding a cup attached to a long pole up to Hama
mouth. Her hands are chained and pulled up above her as she drinks the
water. The scene flashes white and returns to the present to a shot of the
full moon.)

Hama: And yet, each month, I felt the full moon enriching me with its
energy. There had to be something I could do to escape. (fade back to
young Hama in her cell, staring at the moon shining through the grate in
the prison ceiling) Then I realized that where there is life, there is
water. The rats that scurried across the floor of my cage, were nothing
more than skins filled with liquid. (an elephant rat crawls over the
chains and into her cell. She flexes her hand, and the rat stiffens) And I
passed years developing the skills that would lead to my escape. (fade
back to a close up of Hama in the present) Bloodbending. Controlling the
water in another body. (Katara stares at her in horror) Enforcing your own
will over theirs. (fade to the flashback to a shot of young Hama
controlling five elephant rats with her hand) Once I had mastered the
rats, I was ready for the men…

(Cut to a profile shot of a prison guard walking down the walkway. He
suddenly stops and his body begins to jerk unnaturally. He watches with
fright as his own hand moves on its own and grabs the keys at his belt and
he is dragged forward. Cut to a shot of Hama pulling the guards in with
her bending and forcing him to unlock her cell. Cut to a shot of the guard
falling to the floor. Hama jumps out of her cell behind him.)

Hama: (voiceover) And during the next full moon, I walked free for the
first time in decades. (the guard tries to get up, but Hama presses her
hand down, forcing him back down. Hama walks away, her legs unsteady and
wobbly from months of inactivity) My cell unlocked by the very guards
assigned to keep me in. (the scene flashes white and returns to a shot of
Hama and Katara) Once you perfect this technique, you can control
anything…or anyone.
Katara: (uneasy) But, to reach inside someone and control them? I don&#x27;t
know if I want that kind of power.
Hama: The choice is not yours. The power exists…and it&#x27;s your duty to use
the gifts you&#x27;ve been given to win this war. Katara, they tried to wipe us
out, our entire culture…your mother!
Katara: I know.
Hama: Then you should understand what I&#x27;m talking about. We&#x27;re the last
Waterbenders of the Southern Tribe. We have to fight these people whenever
we can. Wherever they are, with any means necessary!
Katara: It&#x27;s you. You&#x27;re the one who&#x27;s making people disappear during the
full moons.
Hama: They threw me in prison to rot, along with my brothers and sisters.
They deserve the same. You must carry on my work.
Katara: (defiant) I won&#x27;t! I won&#x27;t use bloodbending, and I won&#x27;t allow you
to keep terrorizing this town.

(Katara points her finger at Hama, but her arms twists to one side, then
the other side, and behind her back. Katara grabs her arm and tries to
stop it.)

Hama: You should have learned the technique before you turned against me.
(makes Katara stand straight up, stiff) It&#x27;s impossible to fight your way
out of my grip. I control every muscle, every vein in your body.

(Hama uses bloodbending to twist Katara’s body around and throw her from
side to side. Cut to Hama’s point of view as she causes Katara’s body to
twitch and jerk erratically, her hands in the foreground. Cut to a close
up of Hama as she slowly brings her hands down, smiling sadistically.
Katara is forced down to her knees. Tears begin to form in her eyes.)

Katara: Stop…please.

(Hama cackles sinisterly. Cut to a shot of the full moon. Fade to a close
up of Katara looking down, tears streaming down her face. Cut to a close
up of her hands on the ground. She clenches her fists, and the grass
around them shrivels and dies. Cut back to the close up of Katara as she
lifts her eyes at Hama in anger. Cut to Hama as her smile quickly fades
and her laughter ends. Katara stands back up and takes a deep breath,
lifting her hands.)

Katara: You&#x27;re not the only one who draws power from the moon. My bending
is more powerful than yours, Hama. Your technique is useless on me!

(Hama and Katara both enter their battle stances. Katara lifts her arms up
and bends the water out of the grass and into a ring around her. She hops
forward, spins once, and flings the water at Hama. Hama takes the water
with her bending and redirects the attack back at Katara. Katara
skillfully takes the water back, spins back around, and flings the water
back again, countering the counter-attack. Hama extracts the water from
two trees, creating two large torrents, and throws them forward before
taking Katara’s attack and flinging it back again. The three torrents all
form one massive torrent of water and fly towards Katara. Katara steps
back and presses her hand forward, blocking the attack. The scene goes
into slow motion as the water is completely blocked, exploding into a
spectacular shower of droplets. Cut to a close up Katara, the droplets
reflecting her eyes, then to Hama, the droplets reflecting her shock and
fear.

The scene goes back to full speed as Katara dashes forward and circles her
arms inward. The water hanging in the air is bent into two torrents, one
hitting Hama head, the other her feet, spinning her in mid air like a
yin-yang and knocking her down as she yells. Hama slowly rises up as Sokka
and Aang run into the area.)

Sokka: We know what you&#x27;ve been doing, Hama!
Aang: Give up, you&#x27;re outnumbered.
Hama: No. You&#x27;ve outnumbered yourselves.

(Hama raises both arms and Aang and Sokka’s bodies stiffen. Hama flings
them at Katara. Katara leaps between the two, dodging them, gathers more
water from the grass and flings it at Hama as she rises. Hama extracts the
water from another tree and creates a massive spinning wheel of water in
front of her body to forcibly block the attack. Katara is ready for more
when Sokka comes at her with his sword.)

Sokka: Katara, look out! It&#x27;s like my brain has a mind of its own. Stop
it, arm, stop it!

(Hama waves her arms to the side, controlling Sokka and making Katara back
away. Katara extracts more water from the grass and knocks Sokka away with
it. Aang is then controlled at is forced to attack Katara.)

Aang: This feels weird.

(Katara smashes the water hard into Aang, knocking him into a tree. Katara
throws the water at Aang and freezes it, pinning him to the tree.)

Katara: I&#x27;m sorry, Aang.
Aang: (off screen) It&#x27;s ok.

(Hama bloodbends Sokka to attack again. Cut to a close up of Sokka
swinging his sword, his face full of fear. Katara quickly extracts the
water from a sapling and flings it at Sokka’s sword arm. He is sent flying
back and hits a tree. Katara freezes the water and pins him there. Cut to
a close up of Hama.)

Hama: Don&#x27;t hurt your friends, Katara…and don&#x27;t let them hurt each other.

(The camera zooms out to a shot of Hama with her arms outstretched. She
lowers her stance and pulls her arms in. Aang and Sokka are both pulled
off the trees, and are sent flying towards each other. Sokka’s sword is
pointed forward intended to impale Aang. Both of them scream in terror.
Cut to a close up of Katara.)

Katara: No!

(Sokka and Aang both stop just before the sword can pierce the airbender.
Both stare at their hands, realizing they have control again. They look to
Hama, who stiffens and twitches, full of fear. Cut to a close up of
Katara, her hands stretched outward, bloodbending Hama. Katara is shocked
at first, then slowly brings her hands down, forcing Hama to her knees.
Hama struggles to get back up, but glances back when Toph and the
prisoners arrive. The scene cuts to a close up of Hama’s hands being bound
by shackles. The camera quickly zooms out to a shout of everyone
surrounding her.)

1st Prisoner: You&#x27;re going to be locked away forever.

(Two of the prisoners begin to lead Hama away.)

Hama: My work is done. (cut to a close up as she turns her head to Katara)
Congratulations, Katara. You&#x27;re a bloodbender.

(Cut to and zoom in on Katara as she puts a hand to her mouth and slowly
begins to cry. Cut back to Hama as she begins to laugh with evil. The
prisoners take her away and Katara drops to her knees. Cut to a shot of
Katara sobbing, with Aang and Sokka resting their hands on her shoulder to
comfort her. Their backs are to the camera, and it zooms in on the full
moon hanging overhead.)

[End Credits]
</pre></td>
      <td><pre class="script">
第八回
傀儡师

27
00:01:38,037 --&gt; 00:01:40,957
突然，他们听到有什么东西在黑漆漆的大厅中倒下了

28
00:01:41,040 --&gt; 00:01:45,628
哦~~

29
00:01:45,753 --&gt; 00:01:48,423
那东西正在向火光靠近

30
00:01:48,506 --&gt; 00:01:53,136
他们知道了永勋之剑出鞘了

31
00:01:53,219 --&gt; 00:01:57,598
啊~~~

32
00:01:59,392 --&gt; 00:02:02,770
我还是喜欢“那个以剑为手的人”的故事

33
00:02:02,854 --&gt; 00:02:05,732
水族的卧谈会肯定无聊极了

34
00:02:05,815 --&gt; 00:02:07,608
才不是，等等，我有个好段子

35
00:02:07,692 --&gt; 00:02:10,027
这可是南极水族的真实故事

36
00:02:10,153 --&gt; 00:02:12,780
你讲的该不是那些道听途说的

37
00:02:12,864 --&gt; 00:02:14,866
八杆子打不着的亲戚的故事吧？

38
00:02:14,949 --&gt; 00:02:17,869
不是，这是老妈的亲身经历

39
00:02:19,745 --&gt; 00:02:22,081
一年冬天，那时老妈还是个小姑娘

40
00:02:22,165 --&gt; 00:02:25,167
大雪已经封庄几星期了

41
00:02:25,251 --&gt; 00:02:29,589
一个月后，老妈想起来自从风暴之后
就再也没见过她的朋友妮妮

42
00:02:29,672 --&gt; 00:02:33,009
所以老妈就想和其他人去妮妮家看看

43
00:02:33,092 --&gt; 00:02:35,177
可当他们到了那儿，连个人影也没见到

44
00:02:35,303 --&gt; 00:02:38,014
壁炉中的火忽闪忽灭的

45
00:02:38,097 --&gt; 00:02:39,849
其他人出去继续寻找

46
00:02:39,932 --&gt; 00:02:40,766
留下老妈看门

47
00:02:40,808 --&gt; 00:02:43,936
就在这时，她听到了一个声音

48
00:02:44,019 --&gt; 00:02:48,774
怎么这么冷啊，我怎么就暖和不起来呢

49
00:02:48,899 --&gt; 00:02:52,069
老妈转过身，发现妮妮就站在壁炉旁

50
00:02:52,153 --&gt; 00:02:54,738
她浑身都是紫色的，看来是冻僵了

51
00:02:54,822 --&gt; 00:02:58,826
老妈急忙跑出去找人帮忙，不过当大家都回来时

52
00:02:58,951 --&gt; 00:03:00,953
妮妮却不见了

53
00:03:01,078 --&gt; 00:03:02,329
那她到哪儿去了呢？

54
00:03:02,413 --&gt; 00:03:03,831
没人知道

55
00:03:03,873 --&gt; 00:03:06,625
妮妮的房子至今仍然空着

56
00:03:06,750 --&gt; 00:03:09,878
不过有时，人们总能看见
那房子的烟囱有烟冒出

57
00:03:09,962 --&gt; 00:03:13,549
可能是小妮妮仍在试图取暖呢

58
00:03:17,052 --&gt; 00:03:18,095
等等

59
00:03:18,137 --&gt; 00:03:20,097
伙计们，听到什么了没有？

60
00:03:20,222 --&gt; 00:03:23,726
好像这山底下有人，好像正在尖叫

61
00:03:23,809 --&gt; 00:03:26,812
哼，还真被你唬到了

62
00:03:26,937 --&gt; 00:03:30,524
不，我是认真的，我的确听到了什么

63
00:03:30,649 --&gt; 00:03:33,777
可能是那些鬼故事让你变得有点神经了

64
00:03:33,861 --&gt; 00:03:35,821
那声音突然间没有了

65
00:03:35,946 --&gt; 00:03:38,156
我谢你啊，搞得我现在有点害怕了

66
00:03:38,156 --&gt; 00:03:39,491
孩子们，你们好啊

67
00:03:44,329 --&gt; 00:03:47,916
没吓到你们吧，老身名叫哈玛

68
00:03:48,041 --&gt; 00:03:52,337
小孩子家家的
这么晚怎么还在树林里待着

69
00:03:52,462 --&gt; 00:03:58,427
我在附近开了家小客栈
不如去我那儿喝点茶，睡个好觉吧

70
00:03:58,844 --&gt; 00:04:00,595
那真是太好了

71
00:04:07,644 --&gt; 00:04:11,148
谢谢您让我们在这里过夜，您的客栈真温馨啊

72
00:04:11,231 --&gt; 00:04:12,482
你的小嘴可真甜啊

73
00:04:12,566 --&gt; 00:04:14,109
我说，你们得加点小心

74
00:04:14,192 --&gt; 00:04:17,988
你们露营的那片树林，最近经常有人失踪

75
00:04:18,113 --&gt; 00:04:19,781
您是说“失踪”？

76
00:04:19,864 --&gt; 00:04:24,744
满月时走入那片森林的人

77
00:04:24,869 --&gt; 00:04:28,415
都是有去无还

78
00:04:28,498 --&gt; 00:04:30,834
谁还想来点茶吗？

79
00:04:34,504 --&gt; 00:04:38,383
别担心，你们在这儿绝对安全

80
00:04:38,508 --&gt; 00:04:43,513
不如我带你们去自己的房间吧
好让你们睡个好觉

81
00:04:53,565 --&gt; 00:04:55,900
你说的对，模模，这地方真的挺恐怖的

82
00:04:56,025 --&gt; 00:04:58,987
我要是失眠了该怎么办啊

83
00:05:08,037 --&gt; 00:05:10,039
小懒猪，该起床了

84
00:05:10,164 --&gt; 00:05:13,376
咱们去买点东西吧

85
00:05:22,969 --&gt; 00:05:25,721
那个姚先生好像对你有点意思

86
00:05:25,847 --&gt; 00:05:29,141
不如咱们回去，看看他
能不能饶个巨蜥腊肠给咱们

87
00:05:29,267 --&gt; 00:05:33,271
你不是想对那个可怜的人

88
00:05:33,354 --&gt; 00:05:34,647
用“美人计”吧

89
00:05:34,689 --&gt; 00:05:38,651
看来咱俩还真是心意相通哪

90
00:05:38,734 --&gt; 00:05:42,196
不是吧，下个礼拜才有灰烬香蕉卖啊？

91
00:05:42,321 --&gt; 00:05:47,243
我已经派个小工去兴华岛上货去了
一来一回需要两天

92
00:05:47,326 --&gt; 00:05:50,788
哦，对了，明晚将是月圆之夜啊

93
00:05:50,913 --&gt; 00:05:54,333
没错，这个小工要是再出事可就麻烦了

94
00:05:54,458 --&gt; 00:05:57,253
仍然有人在树林里失踪

95
00:05:57,378 --&gt; 00:05:59,088
那怪事总是发生在月圆之夜

96
00:05:59,171 --&gt; 00:06:01,882
没准是谁搞的灵界恶作剧

97
00:06:02,007 --&gt; 00:06:03,425
我们不妨在这镇子周围转一转

98
00:06:03,467 --&gt; 00:06:06,971
看看到底这些村民做了什么
居然把那些神灵都惹毛了

99
00:06:07,054 --&gt; 00:06:11,267
然后你就可以轻而易举的摆平
这个神秘事件了，不愧是降世神通

100
00:06:11,392 --&gt; 00:06:14,561
拯救天下黎民乃是我的责任嘛

101
00:06:14,645 --&gt; 00:06:18,315
你们把这些东西都拿回客栈去吧

102
00:06:18,399 --&gt; 00:06:20,776
我还有点事要忙

103
00:06:20,901 --&gt; 00:06:22,986
我一会儿就回去

104
00:06:23,070 --&gt; 00:06:25,531
这个小镇可真够神秘的

105
00:06:25,656 --&gt; 00:06:30,077
哪有你们几个神秘啊？

106
00:06:36,542 --&gt; 00:06:38,502
那个哈玛有点怪怪的

107
00:06:38,585 --&gt; 00:06:41,380
他好像知道点什么，总是遮遮掩掩的

108
00:06:41,463 --&gt; 00:06:43,048
别瞎说

109
00:06:43,048 --&gt; 00:06:46,093
她那么好心，还收留我们住在这儿

110
00:06:46,218 --&gt; 00:06:47,928
简直就像咱们的姥姥一样和蔼

111
00:06:48,011 --&gt; 00:06:51,348
那她刚才说我们神秘是什么意思啊？

112
00:06:51,473 --&gt; 00:06:52,891
嘁，我哪知道

113
00:06:52,933 --&gt; 00:06:56,728
谁让咱们四个
大半夜的在树林里露营来着

114
00:06:56,853 --&gt; 00:06:59,731
人家当然觉得有点不寻常了

115
00:06:59,856 --&gt; 00:07:02,609
我得到处看看

116
00:07:05,153 --&gt; 00:07:07,322
索卡，索卡，你这是干嘛？

117
00:07:07,656 --&gt; 00:07:09,950
不经允许就到处乱闯成什么体统

118
00:07:10,033 --&gt; 00:07:11,243
不会有事的

119
00:07:11,326 --&gt; 00:07:15,121
她随时都可能回来

120
00:07:15,205 --&gt; 00:07:17,165
索卡，你会给我们捅大篓子的

121
00:07:17,165 --&gt; 00:07:18,959
这么做太没有礼貌了

122
00:07:19,084 --&gt; 00:07:20,627
我还没查完呢

123
00:07:20,752 --&gt; 00:07:23,463
快点给我开开...

124
00:07:26,633 --&gt; 00:07:29,135
天哪，这个确实挺吓人的

125
00:07:29,219 --&gt; 00:07:30,845
只不过是人家的兴趣爱好吧

126
00:07:30,971 --&gt; 00:07:32,722
没什么值得大惊小怪的

127
00:07:32,847 --&gt; 00:07:34,724
索卡，你应该查够了吧

128
00:07:34,808 --&gt; 00:07:36,559
哈玛很快就回来了

129
00:07:37,394 --&gt; 00:07:39,604
就是个平常的喜欢玩偶的客栈老板娘，是吗？

130
00:07:39,688 --&gt; 00:07:41,564
那为什么要把楼顶的门锁上？

131
00:07:41,689 --&gt; 00:07:45,402
也许就是为了防止你这种偷窥狂

132
00:07:45,527 --&gt; 00:07:47,612
我倒要瞧瞧

133
00:07:47,737 --&gt; 00:07:49,614
里面除了个小盒子，啥也没有

134
00:07:49,697 --&gt; 00:07:53,368
也许里面有宝物

135
00:07:53,493 --&gt; 00:07:55,411
索卡，你要干嘛？

136
00:07:55,537 --&gt; 00:07:57,372
你怎么能私闯民宅

137
00:07:57,455 --&gt; 00:07:59,874
我要弄清楚里面到底有什么

138
00:08:02,293 --&gt; 00:08:05,046
我们这么做不好吧

139
00:08:05,129 --&gt; 00:08:07,298
钥匙应该就在附近

140
00:08:07,382 --&gt; 00:08:09,300
哦，给我吧

141
00:08:14,222 --&gt; 00:08:15,640
快点，快点

142
00:08:15,723 --&gt; 00:08:18,101
没你想的那么简单

143
00:08:18,226 --&gt; 00:08:20,353
我说，不是说好只进来看看吗？

144
00:08:20,436 --&gt; 00:08:22,605
不跟你们疯了，我走了

145
00:08:22,688 --&gt; 00:08:25,274
随你便吧，你能行的，拓芙

146
00:08:28,319 --&gt; 00:08:30,905
我告诉你们那盒子里有啥吧

147
00:08:45,503 --&gt; 00:08:47,171
只有一把旧梳子？

148
00:08:47,254 --&gt; 00:08:50,299
这可是我的无价之宝

149
00:08:50,383 --&gt; 00:08:56,055
这梳子是我在南极水族
成长岁月的唯一见证了

150
00:08:57,890 --&gt; 00:09:00,017
你来自南方水族？

151
00:09:00,851 --&gt; 00:09:03,020
跟你一样

152
00:09:03,145 --&gt; 00:09:04,396
你怎么会知道？

153
00:09:04,480 --&gt; 00:09:06,941
你们在篝火旁的谈话我都听见了

154
00:09:07,066 --&gt; 00:09:08,734
那你之前干嘛不跟我们说呢？

155
00:09:08,818 --&gt; 00:09:10,402
我想给你们个惊喜

156
00:09:10,486 --&gt; 00:09:14,990
今天我采购这么多吃的
就是想为你们做一顿正宗的水族大餐

157
00:09:14,990 --&gt; 00:09:18,577
当然了，在这儿买不到所有的食材

158
00:09:18,577 --&gt; 00:09:23,958
只要嚼的时间足够长
海金橘和海酶干的味道还是差不多的

159
00:09:24,375 --&gt; 00:09:25,209
太好了

160
00:09:25,209 --&gt; 00:09:27,836
我就知道咱俩好像血脉相通似的

161
00:09:27,836 --&gt; 00:09:29,838
我就知道你肯定隐瞒了什么

162
00:09:29,838 --&gt; 00:09:31,507
所以说我们都没错

163
00:09:31,507 --&gt; 00:09:34,885
不过我要为我不当的行为向您道歉

164
00:09:34,885 --&gt; 00:09:37,346
没关系的

165
00:09:37,471 --&gt; 00:09:38,722
那咱们开始做饭吧

166
00:09:58,116 --&gt; 00:10:00,535
我是不碰这些海酶干了

167
00:10:00,661 --&gt; 00:10:02,954
不是说是海金橘吗

168
00:10:02,954 --&gt; 00:10:04,414
反正都是那个味

169
00:10:04,414 --&gt; 00:10:08,835
谁想来点五味汤？

170
00:10:11,171 --&gt; 00:10:12,547
你是个御水师啊

171
00:10:12,631 --&gt; 00:10:15,300
见到来自我们部落的御水师还是头一次啊

172
00:10:15,383 --&gt; 00:10:19,596
那是因为火宗人把咱们族的御水师都抓走了

173
00:10:19,721 --&gt; 00:10:21,515
我是最后一名

174
00:10:21,640 --&gt; 00:10:24,726
那你是怎么逃出来的呢？

175
00:10:24,809 --&gt; 00:10:28,688
我是在家乡被抓走的

176
00:10:28,772 --&gt; 00:10:33,026
几经是60年前的事了，火宗的抓捕行动刚刚开始

177
00:10:58,968 --&gt; 00:11:00,762
火宗人来了一波又一波

178
00:11:00,887 --&gt; 00:11:06,392
每一次，他们都会抓走更多的御水师
把他们带走作为俘虏

179
00:11:10,730 --&gt; 00:11:12,482
我们奋力抵抗

180
00:11:12,607 --&gt; 00:11:16,736
但随着抓捕行动的进行
我们愈加寡不敌众

181
00:11:23,785 --&gt; 00:11:28,956
最终，我也被他们抓走了

182
00:11:29,832 --&gt; 00:11:33,252
我被带上了沉重的镣铐

183
00:11:33,377 --&gt; 00:11:37,381
南极水族的最后一名御水师
就这样被他们带走了

184
00:11:44,013 --&gt; 00:11:48,017
关押我们的火宗监狱条件十分恶劣

185
00:11:48,100 --&gt; 00:11:51,437
只有我自己成功的越狱了

186
00:11:51,562 --&gt; 00:11:53,356
那你是怎么逃出去的？

187
00:11:53,481 --&gt; 00:11:55,941
你为什么还继续留在烈火国呢？

188
00:11:56,067 --&gt; 00:11:57,568
对不起

189
00:11:57,693 --&gt; 00:12:00,196
那段记忆太痛苦，我不想再提了

190
00:12:00,696 --&gt; 00:12:02,615
我们完全能够了解

191
00:12:02,698 --&gt; 00:12:05,034
在一次抓捕中我们的母亲去世了

192
00:12:05,159 --&gt; 00:12:07,495
哦，你们真是一群小可怜啊

193
00:12:09,622 --&gt; 00:12:12,750
能够遇见您，对我来说意义重大

194
00:12:12,875 --&gt; 00:12:15,211
我们很荣兴能结识您这位英雄

195
00:12:15,294 --&gt; 00:12:18,297
我从未想过能见到同样来自于
南极水族的御水师

196
00:12:18,339 --&gt; 00:12:20,633
我愿意将我这身武艺传授给你

197
00:12:20,758 --&gt; 00:12:23,844
好让我们南极水族的技艺能够代代相传

198
00:12:23,969 --&gt; 00:12:27,431
好啊，真是太好了

199
00:12:27,514 --&gt; 00:12:31,852
能够传承我们族人的武学技艺
我真是荣幸之至

200
00:12:35,647 --&gt; 00:12:37,566
我们都是在南极长大的

201
00:12:37,649 --&gt; 00:12:42,821
那里四周都是冰雪和海洋
对于御水师来说是绝佳的主场

202
00:12:42,905 --&gt; 00:12:45,407
不过当你游历四方之后你就会意识到

203
00:12:45,532 --&gt; 00:12:48,076
各地的风土都不尽相同

204
00:12:48,076 --&gt; 00:12:50,412
是啊，当我们身陷沙漠时

205
00:12:50,537 --&gt; 00:12:53,248
我就觉得十分孤立无援

206
00:12:53,332 --&gt; 00:12:57,961
所以我才要传授你
控制不同形式水的技艺

207
00:12:58,045 --&gt; 00:13:00,547
我曾通过自己的汗来使用御水术

208
00:13:00,672 --&gt; 00:13:03,258
你真是冰雪聪明啊，卡塔拉

209
00:13:03,383 --&gt; 00:13:05,719
你具有真正的御水宗师的潜质啊

210
00:13:05,802 --&gt; 00:13:09,681
不过你知道吗
即使从稀薄的空气中也可以汲取水分

211
00:13:12,934 --&gt; 00:13:16,188
卡塔拉，你需要放开眼界

212
00:13:16,188 --&gt; 00:13:21,777
总有水存在于你意想不到的地方

213
00:13:24,237 --&gt; 00:13:27,491
这里想必是烈火国风景最美的地方吧

214
00:13:27,574 --&gt; 00:13:30,118
在这附近哪有什么发狂的神灵啊

215
00:13:30,243 --&gt; 00:13:33,246
也许月神突然变坏了

216
00:13:33,580 --&gt; 00:13:36,416
月神可是为温柔可爱的小姐

217
00:13:36,541 --&gt; 00:13:38,501
她以悲悯之心掌控着整片夜空

218
00:13:38,627 --&gt; 00:13:40,962
当然...她还有月亮的善良之心

219
00:13:42,839 --&gt; 00:13:44,633
先生，打搅您一下

220
00:13:44,758 --&gt; 00:13:48,011
你对劫走百姓的神灵是否有所了解

221
00:13:48,136 --&gt; 00:13:52,348
只有老丁头见过它，还幸存了下来

222
00:13:52,474 --&gt; 00:13:54,934
那位老丁头住在哪啊？

223
00:13:55,060 --&gt; 00:13:58,438
哇哦，这些花太漂亮了

224
00:13:58,563 --&gt; 00:14:00,482
它们名叫烈焰百合

225
00:14:00,607 --&gt; 00:14:03,067
一年只盛开几个星期

226
00:14:03,234 --&gt; 00:14:06,905
来看它们是我住在这儿的乐事之一

227
00:14:07,030 --&gt; 00:14:11,075
它就像其他植物和生灵一样
体内都含有丰富的水分

228
00:14:11,201 --&gt; 00:14:13,870
我之前曾经遇到一位住在沼泽的朋友

229
00:14:13,995 --&gt; 00:14:16,706
他可以对藤蔓中的水用御术
从而控制它们

230
00:14:16,789 --&gt; 00:14:20,251
那些对你来说只是小儿科

231
00:14:26,716 --&gt; 00:14:29,635
真是太不可思议了

232
00:14:29,719 --&gt; 00:14:31,554
不过倒是可惜了这些百合花了

233
00:14:32,013 --&gt; 00:14:33,723
只不过是些花罢了

234
00:14:33,806 --&gt; 00:14:36,267
作为一名身在异乡的御水师

235
00:14:36,350 --&gt; 00:14:38,644
为了生存你应该不择手段

236
00:14:38,644 --&gt; 00:14:42,273
今晚，我将传授你御水术的终极技艺

237
00:14:42,356 --&gt; 00:14:45,526
这招只有在满月时才能运用

238
00:14:45,568 --&gt; 00:14:47,653
那时你的御术将达到高峰

239
00:14:47,778 --&gt; 00:14:50,072
晚上出去会不会很危险

240
00:14:50,156 --&gt; 00:14:53,451
最近不是经常有人在月圆之夜失踪吗？

241
00:14:53,534 --&gt; 00:14:55,494
哦，卡塔拉

242
00:14:55,578 --&gt; 00:14:59,373
满月之下的两名御水师

243
00:14:59,457 --&gt; 00:15:02,293
谁人能敌啊？

244
00:15:12,178 --&gt; 00:15:13,345
是丁老头吗？

245
00:15:13,429 --&gt; 00:15:15,389
呃，哦...

246
00:15:15,514 --&gt; 00:15:16,515
噢，真倒霉

247
00:15:16,599 --&gt; 00:15:17,725
干嘛？

248
00:15:17,808 --&gt; 00:15:19,518
没看见我忙着呢吗？

249
00:15:19,643 --&gt; 00:15:21,228
你看看满月都已经升起来了

250
00:15:21,353 --&gt; 00:15:25,316
干嘛每个人都那么叫我，我又没有那么老

251
00:15:27,192 --&gt; 00:15:29,403
啊~~

252
00:15:29,528 --&gt; 00:15:31,447
好吧，起码我心态很年轻

253
00:15:34,533 --&gt; 00:15:39,663
我可不想现在就去拿自己喂那个满月怪兽

254
00:15:39,788 --&gt; 00:15:42,082
我们正是想问问你那件事

255
00:15:42,166 --&gt; 00:15:44,334
你看见虏走你的神灵长什么样了吗？

256
00:15:44,460 --&gt; 00:15:46,336
我可没看见什么神灵

257
00:15:46,420 --&gt; 00:15:48,672
只是感觉什么东西上了我的身

258
00:15:48,756 --&gt; 00:15:49,882
我就好像撞了邪一样

259
00:15:49,882 --&gt; 00:15:54,011
身体不由自主地就往山上走

260
00:15:54,094 --&gt; 00:15:57,848
我试着挣脱，可是胳膊腿
好像都不是我的了

261
00:15:57,973 --&gt; 00:16:01,643
当我快要走进一个山洞的时候

262
00:16:01,768 --&gt; 00:16:08,525
我想可能是我最后看见光明的时候了
于是我抬头看了看月亮

263
00:16:08,650 --&gt; 00:16:12,029
就在这时太阳升起来了

264
00:16:12,112 --&gt; 00:16:14,406
我开始能够控制自己了

265
00:16:14,531 --&gt; 00:16:18,076
我就头也不回的，一溜烟跑下了山

266
00:16:18,160 --&gt; 00:16:20,495
那个神灵干嘛要把人往山里领呢？

267
00:16:20,537 --&gt; 00:16:21,872
哦，不好！

268
00:16:21,955 --&gt; 00:16:24,332
我那天的确定到有人在山下尖叫

269
00:16:24,458 --&gt; 00:16:27,210
那些失踪的村民可能还在那儿

270
00:16:37,769 --&gt; 00:16:40,105
我能听见他们，这边走

271
00:16:44,693 --&gt; 00:16:48,238
你能感觉到满月带来的力量吗？

272
00:16:51,199 --&gt; 00:16:55,495
御水师世世代代都接受着月光带来的恩惠

273
00:16:55,579 --&gt; 00:17:01,043
月光可以让我们做一些不可思议的事情

274
00:17:01,168 --&gt; 00:17:04,963
我从未觉得自己有如此活力

275
00:17:08,925 --&gt; 00:17:10,427
就是这儿了

276
00:17:10,552 --&gt; 00:17:12,554
这下面黑漆漆的，啥也看不见

277
00:17:12,679 --&gt; 00:17:15,515
放心，有我在，咱们走

278
00:17:28,069 --&gt; 00:17:30,030
我们得救了

279
00:17:30,155 --&gt; 00:17:34,951
怎么会有神灵造这样的监狱
谁抓你们来这儿的

280
00:17:35,035 --&gt; 00:17:36,745
哪是什么神灵

281
00:17:36,870 --&gt; 00:17:38,288
分明就是个女巫

282
00:17:38,371 --&gt; 00:17:40,415
女巫，你啥意思？

283
00:17:40,498 --&gt; 00:17:42,333
她看起来就像个正常的老太太

284
00:17:42,375 --&gt; 00:17:46,045
不过她却能控制人类
就像那些黑暗傀儡师一样

285
00:17:46,129 --&gt; 00:17:47,755
是哈玛

286
00:17:47,839 --&gt; 00:17:49,841
没错，就是那个开客栈的

287
00:17:49,924 --&gt; 00:17:52,677
我就知道她有点不对头

288
00:17:52,802 --&gt; 00:17:54,304
我们得去阻止哈玛

289
00:17:54,429 --&gt; 00:17:58,057
我给这些人松绑，你们先去吧

290
00:18:03,354 --&gt; 00:18:05,064
我将要传授给你的这招

291
00:18:05,189 --&gt; 00:18:08,234
是我在那个火宗监狱时创制的

292
00:18:09,736 --&gt; 00:18:13,531
狱卒十分小心，不让任何水靠近我们

293
00:18:13,614 --&gt; 00:18:17,785
他们甚至向监狱抽入干燥的空气
并让我们远离地面

294
00:18:17,910 --&gt; 00:18:23,458
在给我们水喝之前，先要绑住我们的手脚
防止我们使用御术

295
00:18:23,458 --&gt; 00:18:28,421
哪怕是轻微的不顺从
都会招致严厉的惩罚

296
00:18:28,504 --&gt; 00:18:33,342
不过每月满月之时
我都用月光为自己充满能量

297
00:18:33,426 --&gt; 00:18:36,888
我想一定会有逃出去的办法的

298
00:18:36,971 --&gt; 00:18:41,809
我突然意识到只要有生命
就会有水的存在

299
00:18:41,934 --&gt; 00:18:45,146
那些飞快地穿过我监牢的老鼠

300
00:18:45,146 --&gt; 00:18:48,941
不就是用鼠皮包裹的液体吗？

301
00:18:49,066 --&gt; 00:18:53,320
不出几年，我就精进了这项技艺
它一定可以帮我逃出牢笼

302
00:18:54,572 --&gt; 00:18:57,199
我叫它“御血术”

303
00:18:57,283 --&gt; 00:19:00,161
用它可以控制他人体内的水分

304
00:19:00,244 --&gt; 00:19:03,747
让他们服从你的意志

305
00:19:03,831 --&gt; 00:19:09,128
当我可以掌控老鼠之后
我就准备开始人体实验了

306
00:19:14,925 --&gt; 00:19:17,303
就在之后的月圆之时

307
00:19:17,386 --&gt; 00:19:20,681
在那牢房度过几十年后，我终于逃出升天了

308
00:19:21,307 --&gt; 00:19:26,145
我的牢笼就是看管我的狱卒自己打开的

309
00:19:26,270 --&gt; 00:19:30,983
一旦你掌握了这项技艺，你就可以控制任何东西

310
00:19:31,108 --&gt; 00:19:33,444
控制任何人

311
00:19:33,569 --&gt; 00:19:37,489
深入别人内部并控制他们？

312
00:19:37,614 --&gt; 00:19:40,492
我不太想拥有这种本领

313
00:19:40,576 --&gt; 00:19:43,245
你别无选择

314
00:19:43,328 --&gt; 00:19:46,039
你天生就具有这种能力

315
00:19:46,123 --&gt; 00:19:49,918
使用这种天赋来赢得战争是你的责任

316
00:19:50,002 --&gt; 00:19:54,715
卡塔拉，火宗人试图除掉水族
除掉我们整个文化，别忘你的母亲是如何去世的

317
00:19:54,756 --&gt; 00:19:56,091
我知道

318
00:19:56,174 --&gt; 00:19:59,803
那你应该了解我意图

319
00:19:59,886 --&gt; 00:20:03,640
咱俩是南极水族仅存的御水师了

320
00:20:03,765 --&gt; 00:20:07,019
我们得不惜一切的与这些暴徒抗争

321
00:20:07,102 --&gt; 00:20:10,689
无论他们在哪里，无论要付出什么代价

322
00:20:10,772 --&gt; 00:20:12,691
难道是你

323
00:20:12,816 --&gt; 00:20:16,653
是你在月圆之夜让那些人失踪的，对吧

324
00:20:16,736 --&gt; 00:20:19,239
他们之前把我们族人关进牢房

325
00:20:19,239 --&gt; 00:20:21,449
巴不得我们都死在里面

326
00:20:21,533 --&gt; 00:20:23,368
我要让他们常常坐牢的滋味

327
00:20:23,451 --&gt; 00:20:25,453
你必须继续我的事业

328
00:20:25,537 --&gt; 00:20:28,164
不，我可不会用什么御血术的

329
00:20:28,248 --&gt; 00:20:31,126
我也不会任由您继续危害这座村庄了

330
00:20:35,547 --&gt; 00:20:39,551
相违抗我，你最好先学会御血术

331
00:20:39,634 --&gt; 00:20:43,054
挣脱不了手脚你还怎么打

332
00:20:43,138 --&gt; 00:20:47,934
你身体中的每一块肌肉
每一条筋腱都在我的掌握之中

333
00:21:00,530 --&gt; 00:21:02,198
拜托您停下来吧

334
00:21:20,133 --&gt; 00:21:23,177
从月亮那儿汲取能量的可不止你一个人

335
00:21:23,261 --&gt; 00:21:26,264
哈玛，我的御术可是要强你数倍

336
00:21:26,347 --&gt; 00:21:29,559
你的御血术对我不起作用

337
00:21:53,791 --&gt; 00:21:55,459
哈玛，我们知道你做的好事了

338
00:21:55,543 --&gt; 00:21:57,336
投降吧，我们人多势众

339
00:21:57,420 --&gt; 00:22:00,256
是吗

340
00:22:00,339 --&gt; 00:22:03,259
看看到底谁才是人多势众吧

341
00:22:13,185 --&gt; 00:22:14,812
卡塔拉，小心

342
00:22:16,981 --&gt; 00:22:19,733
好像我的大脑可以自主思维了

343
00:22:19,858 --&gt; 00:22:22,736
快停下，胳膊，快停下

344
00:22:24,446 --&gt; 00:22:26,282
这种感觉太诡异了

345
00:22:29,368 --&gt; 00:22:31,078
抱歉，安昂

346
00:22:31,161 --&gt; 00:22:32,830
没关系

347
00:22:39,795 --&gt; 00:22:42,840
卡塔拉，可别伤了你的朋友们

348
00:22:42,923 --&gt; 00:22:45,300
也别让他们自相残杀哦

349
00:22:47,761 --&gt; 00:22:49,096
不！

350
00:23:10,784 --&gt; 00:23:13,745
再也不会放你出来了

351
00:23:13,829 --&gt; 00:23:16,415
我的心愿已了

352
00:23:16,498 --&gt; 00:23:19,167
祝贺你，卡塔拉

353
00:23:19,251 --&gt; 00:23:23,880
你已经是一名御血师了

354
00:23:32,055 --&gt; 00:23:36,560
-=未完待续=-
翻译/校译：Tucity http://blog.sina.com.cn/tucity
时间轴：花与虫 http://bugsandflowers.blogspot.com
本字幕仅为个人学习之用，请勿用作商业用途

1
00:00:01,700 --&gt; 00:00:04,411
水善国

2
00:00:04,536 --&gt; 00:00:05,996
土强国

3
00:00:06,079 --&gt; 00:00:08,165
火烈国

4
00:00:08,290 --&gt; 00:00:10,709
气和国

5
00:00:10,834 --&gt; 00:00:14,880
很久以前，这四大国和谐共处

6
00:00:15,005 --&gt; 00:00:19,342
然而，烈火国发起的战争结束了和平

7
00:00:19,426 --&gt; 00:00:23,555
只有同时掌握四种元素的降世神通才能结束战争

8
00:00:23,638 --&gt; 00:00:26,266
然而在大家最需要他的时候，他却消失了

9
00:00:26,975 --&gt; 00:00:30,770
100年后，我和哥哥发现了转世的降世神通

10
00:00:30,896 --&gt; 00:00:32,689
他是个御气师，名叫“安昂”

11
00:00:32,814 --&gt; 00:00:34,983
尽管他的御气术着实厉害

12
00:00:35,108 --&gt; 00:00:38,528
在拯救苍生之前，他要学的还有很多

13
00:00:38,612 --&gt; 00:00:40,906
但是我坚信 安昂能拯救这个世界

14
00:00:41,990 --&gt; 00:00:46,119
-=降世神通=-
最后的气宗
翻译/校译：Tucity http://blog.sina.com.cn/tucity
时间轴：花与虫 http://bugsandflowers.blogspot.com
本字幕仅为个人学习之用，请勿用作商业用途

15
00:00:47,621 --&gt; 00:00:50,665
降世神通 前情提要

16
00:00:50,749 --&gt; 00:00:54,461
我的儿子，你已经找回了自我

17
00:00:54,586 --&gt; 00:00:56,337
欢迎回家

18
00:00:56,463 --&gt; 00:00:58,715
我知道我在乎什么

19
00:00:58,840 --&gt; 00:01:02,343
我在乎你

20
00:01:02,427 --&gt; 00:01:04,471
即将有日食发生

21
00:01:04,554 --&gt; 00:01:06,973
太阳将完全被月亮遮住

22
00:01:06,973 --&gt; 00:01:08,933
那时火宗人将毫无招架之力

23
00:01:08,933 --&gt; 00:01:11,811
我们要在那日侵入烈火国

24
00:01:11,811 --&gt; 00:01:13,730
就在“黑日”那天行动

25
00:01:13,813 --&gt; 00:01:16,649
我知道终有一日我必须要面对烈火王

26
00:01:16,733 --&gt; 00:01:19,694
而我必须独自面对

27
00:01:20,111 --&gt; 00:01:24,616
第三卷
火
</pre></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
