# S03E15 - The Boiling Rock, Part 2

**Languages:** English / 中文

=== "English"

    <div class="script">
          The Boiling Rock, Part 2

      Written By: Joshua Hamilton
      Directed By: Ethan Spaulding
      Storyboard By: Oreste Canestrelli, Michael Dante Dimartino, Miyuki
      Hoshikawa, Dean Kelly, Ethan Spaulding, Kim, Sang-Jin, Brian Konietzko
      Animation By: Moi Animation
      Transcriber: Icy_Ashford

      [Introduction sequence]

      [“Previously on Avatar” sequence, including clips from The Boiling Rock,
      Part 1]

      Act I

      (The episode opens up to an overhead shot of the Boiling Rock. Cut to an
      area in the boiling water looking at the pentagonal perimeter. Cut to the
      Warden walking.)

      Guard: Line them up for the Warden!

      (Cut to an area behind the Warden, giving an overhead view of the scene.
      Guards surround the perimeter and the prisoners file in one by one into a
      straight line. Cut to the end of the line as the last few prisoners walk
      in. Hakoda’s hair braid falls into screen. Camera zooms out to show
      Hakoda’s face. Cut to Sokka running to the scene and pulling up his
visor.)

      Sokka: Dad. (He rushes from the stairs and nudges some guards aside)
      Excuse me, coming through. The Warden wants me over there, (points) sorry.

      (Cut to show Sokka standing behind a line of guards taller than him who
      are near the prisoners. The warden walks towards the prisoners.)

      Warden: Welcome to The Boiling Rock. I&#x27;m sure (Cut to a side view of the
      warden as he walks down the line) you&#x27;ve all heard the horrible rumors
      about our little island. Well I just want to tell you that they don&#x27;t have
      to be true. As long as you (stops in front of Hakoda who is looking down)
      do everything I say. Look me (closes in on Hakoda’s face) in the eye when
      I&#x27;m talking to you.
      Hakoda: (His eyes looks to the side) No.
      Warden: (Cut to an area behind Hakoda) Oh, you&#x27;d rather look at my shoes‌
      Then take a look!

      (He uses his foot and pulls down Hakoda’s handcuff to the floor. Cut to
      the side view to show Hakoda in a kneeling position. Cut to Sokka who
      gapes in surprise. Cut to an area below Hakoda’s angry face as the
      warden’s boot remains on his handcuff.)

      Warden: I know exactly who you are, Hakoda of the Water Tribe. So strong
      willed. But don&#x27;t worry, (Cut to the warden’s face as it zooms out slowly)
      we&#x27;ll get rid of that in time. Now look me in the eye.

      (Cut to show Hakoda lifting his head up with hate.)

      Warden: See‌ Isn&#x27;t that better. You will (looks to the other prisoners)
      all do as I say or pay the price. (starts to walk off) You will all...

      (Hakoda tilts his handcuffs as the warden’s boot get caught in them and he
      loses his balance. Cut to show Sokka snickering as the guards in front of
      him rush to the warden’s aid.
      2 guards run to the warden as he and Hakoda stand up on their own)

      Guard: Are you okay, Sir‌
      Warden: (lashes out) I&#x27;m fine! Get these prisoners out of my sight!

      (Cut to the area where Sokka’s standing at as he sees the prisoners being
      directed down a flight of stairs. He turns and walks off screen. Cut back
      to the prisoners housing area. Cut to an overhead view of a cell with
      Hakoda sitting on a mattress. The door opens. Cut to Hakoda’s head as he
      looks up. The light on his face diminishes as the door closes. Cut to a
      side view of the scene.)

      Sokka: Thank goodness you&#x27;re okay. (walks towards his Father)
      Hakoda: (stands up on the mattress rapidly with his fist out in an
      attacking position) If you take one step closer you&#x27;ll (Cut to an area
      behind Sokka’s shoulder to show Hakoda looking very serious) see just how
      okay I am.
      Sokka: (lifts his visor) Dad, it&#x27;s me. (points to self)
      Hakoda: (lowers his arm and tears up) Sokka, my son.

      (Sokka removes his helmet and drops it on the floor as they hug. They part
      after a few seconds.)

      Hakoda: You know Sokka, you should be more careful with that guard outfit
      on. I almost punched you in the gut.
      Sokka: Yeah, (rubs his neck) I ran into that problem earlier.

      (Cut to someone walking down a corridor. Cut to a metal door as it slides
      open to reveal Chit Sang with his arms strapped to a chair. Cut to an
      overhead shot of the cell as the warden walks in.)

      Warden: Are you comfortable Chit Sang‌
      Chit Sang: (Cut to Chit Sang as the warden walks around him) If you&#x27;re
      trying to get me to talk, forget it. I&#x27;m not a squealer.
      Warden: (Cut to back of the warden’s head as he turns it slightly to look
      at his prisoner) Chit Sang, I only asked you if you were comfortable.
      Chit Sang: Well, yeah. (smiles) Actually, I am pretty comfortable. (The
      warden proceeds to kick the back of the chair as it falls off screen and
      Chit Sang groans. Cut to Chit Sang’s head on the floor as the warden’s
      boot appear into screen.)
      Warden: Are you still comfortable‌
      Chit Sang: (his eyes look up) No.
      Warden: I know you and your cronies are not smart enough to come up with
      that little escape plan. (Cut to Chit Sang’s point of view as he looks at
      the warden) So you&#x27;re gonna tell me. Who is‌

      (The warden walks off. Cut back to Chit Sang’s head as 2 pairs of boots
      appear on screen. Cut to the doorway to show the 2 guards lifting Chit
      Sang’s chair back into position. One of the guard proceeds to close the
      door. Camera slowly zooms out. Cut to an area in the yard looking at the
      gondola tower. Cut to Sokka’s eyes looking through the opening of Hakoda’s
      cell door.)

      Sokka: So where&#x27;s Bato‌ (Cut back to inside the cell) Where&#x27;s everyone
      else from the invasion‌
      Hakoda: (Cut to Hakoda sitting on the floor, looking at his son) The
      others are being held at a prison near the Fire Nation palace. They
      singled me out as their leader and sent me here. (Sokka walks into screen
      and sits beside his Dad) But before I left I met some young women who said
      they knew you. The Yoshinama Fighters‌
      Sokka: You mean the Kyoshi Warriors‌
      Hakoda: That&#x27;s right.
      Sokka: Their leader Suki is here and she&#x27;s gonna escape with us.
      Hakoda: Good, (lays a hand on his son’s shoulder) we&#x27;ll need all the help
      we can get.
      Sokka: And you know Prince Zuko‌
      Hakoda: The son of the Firelord‌ I don&#x27;t know him, but I knew of him.
      Sokka: Well, he&#x27;s here too.
      Hakoda: (crosses his arms and starts to think) Sounds like a major
      problem.
      Sokka: Actually, he&#x27;s on our side now. (Cut to Hakoda who looks at Sokka
      sceptically) I know, I had the same reaction. After all he has done, it
      was hard to trust him. But he&#x27;s really proven himself and I never would
      have found you without his help. (Camera zooms out on the pair as Hakoda
      nods his head)
      Hakoda: So, do you have a plan‌
      Sokka: We had one (looks away) but some of the other prisoners got
      involved and ruined it. (sets his head on his knees) I don&#x27;t know if
      there&#x27;s another way off this island.
      Hakoda: Sokka, (pats his son’s back) there&#x27;s no prison in the World that
      can hold two Water Tribe geniuses.
      Sokka: Then we&#x27;d better find two.

      (Hakoda laughs. Cut to Sokka who laughs as well. Cut to the ground level
      of the prisoners housing area. Sokka enters the screen and looks around.
      Cut to Sokka walking towards the first door from a flight of stairs. He
      leans against the door and raises his visor.)

      Sokka: Zuko, are you there‌
      Zuko: (Zuko’s eyes appear at the door’s opening) I&#x27;m here.
      Sokka: I just got done talking to my Dad. We came up with an escape plan
      together.
      Male Guard: (off screen) What (Sokka startles) are you doing here‌

      (Sokka lowers his visor and turns to the stairs. Camera pans to the right
      to show a male and female guard staring down at him.)

      Sokka: (Cut to an area behind the 2 guards) I was just (pointing to the
      door) telling this dirty lowlife what I think of him!
      Male Guard: (Cut to the 2 guards who look serious) Well, you&#x27;ll have to do
      that later, he&#x27;s coming with us.
      Sokka: (looks to Zuko’s cell door and back) Why‌
      Female Guard: (arms akimbo) Because we have orders straight from the
      Warden. That&#x27;s why.
      Sokka: (Cut back to Sokka who smiles) Could I just get ten more seconds to
      rough him up a bit‌ (punches his right fist into his left palm)
      Female Guard: (crosses her arms and leans against the railing) Fine, ten
      seconds.

      (The male guard crosses his arms as well. Cut to the 2 guards’ backs as
      Sokka enters the cell.)

      Sokka: (off screen) Take that! And this!
      Male Guard: (the female guard shakes her head) Newbie.

      (Cut to Sokka’s fists punching a rolled up mattress as Zuko pretends to
      grunt in pain whenever Sokka strikes. Camera zooms out to show Zuko
      holding the mattress in place while Sokka hits it.)

      Sokka: (whispers as he punches) We have a new plan but it&#x27;s gonna need a
      big distraction.

      (Cut to Zuko’s face) Be in the yard in one hour. (The door begins to open
      as Zuko is caught off guard. Camera zooms out on the guys who are unsure
      of what to do. As the door the opens, Sokka lunges at Zuko’s head as Zuko
      drops the mattress and attempts to choke Zuko.)

      Male Guard: (Cut to an area deep in the room to show the 2 guards
      entering) Alright, that&#x27;s enough.

      (He pushes Sokka off and gives him a warning finger. They lead Zuko out of
      his cell. Cut to an overhead shot of Zuko being led away. 2 spectacting
      guards on a railing look down at the scene.)

      Zuko: What are you doing‌ Where are you taking me‌

      (Cut to the inside of another cell as it opens. The guards shove Zuko in.
      Cut to a chair in the room as Zuko lands on it. He looks back at the
      guards.)

      Zuko: I didn&#x27;t do anything wrong.

      Mai: (off screen) Come on (Zuko looks to the source of the voice) Zuko.
      (Cut to showMai with her head down at the corner of the room) We all know
      (looks up and walks into the light) that&#x27;s a lie.
      Zuko: (Cut back to Zuko’s surprised face) Mai.

      (Cut to a side view of Zuko on the floor staring up at Mai as she looks on
      with his arms crossed. Cut back to the ground level of the prisoners
      housing area. Cut to the inside of the cell, looking at the door. It opens
      to reveal the warden upside down. )

      Warden: How is he‌ (Cut to the 2 guards who are holding Chit Sang’s chair
      upside down. Chit Sang is red in the face as blood rushes to his head due
      to gravity.)
      Guard: I think he&#x27;s ready to talk.

      (The 2 guards throw the chair back into its original position. Cut to Chit
      Sang who is panting and perspiring profusely. His face slowly fades back
      to its normal shade. The warden approaches him from behind.)

      Warden: (bends his head to Chit Sang’s shoulder) Have you had enough time
      to think about what I asked‌
      Chit Sang: Yes.
      Warden: And‌
      Chit Sang: You&#x27;re right. There was another person involved in the escape
      plan.
      Warden: (places a hand on Chit Sang’s shoulder) Who‌
      Chit Sang: It&#x27;s a guy who&#x27;s disguised like a prison guard, only he&#x27;s not a
      prison guard. He&#x27;s the mastermind. He came up with the plan.

      (The warden pats Chit Sang’s head and walks away. Camera slowly zooms in
      on Chit Sang’s face. Cut to commercial break.)

      Act II

      (Scene returns to Zuko sitting down in a chair with his head down. Mai
      leans against the wall silently.)

      Zuko: How did you know I was here‌
      Mai: (Cut to Mai who looks angry) Because I know you so well.
      Zuko: (he looks up to her) But... how‌
      Mai: (Cut to Mai who looks to the side) The Warden&#x27;s my Uncle you idiot.
      (Cut to Zuko who brings his hand to his forehead and groans) The truth is,
      (Mai’s glove hand comes into screen and she unrolls a letter) I guess I
      don&#x27;t know you. All I get is a letter. (Cut to a side view of the scene to
      show Mai with her hands outstretched at the side) You could have at least
      looked me in the eye when you ripped out my heart.
      Zuko: (Cut to Zuko who looks at her apologetically) I didn&#x27;t mean to...
      Mai: (interrupts) You didn&#x27;t mean to‌ (she walks behind Zuko to read out
      the contents of the letter) Dear Mai, I&#x27;m sorry that you have to find out
      this way, but I&#x27;m leaving.
      Zuko: (harshly) Stop! (looks back at Mai) This isn&#x27;t about you. This is
      about the Fire Nation.
      Mai: Thanks Zuko. That makes me feel all better. (she throws the letter at
      his head. Zuko grabs his head and rubs the spot she threw the letter at.)
      Zuko: (Cut to a side view of the couple) Mai, I never wanted to hurt you.
      (gets up from his chair and faces Mai) But I have to do this to save my
      country.
      Mai: Save it‌ You&#x27;re betraying your country.
      Zuko: (Cut back to Zuko) That&#x27;s not how I see it.

      (Cut to Mai who folds her arms and turns to the side sulkily.

      Cut to an overhead view of Suki’s cell as she practices a series of turns
      and punches. She ends up with one leg in the air. Cut to her point of view
      as the door to her cell opens. She lowers her leg to reveal a smiling
      Sokka.)

      Suki: Sokka, (he looks at the opening of Suki’s door) what&#x27;s going on‌
      Sokka: I don&#x27;t have much time. (Cut to the outside of the opening looking
      into the room) If I&#x27;m seen with you (Sokka looks out of the opening) the
      guards might think something&#x27;s up. (he lowers his visor before pushing
      back up again) I just talked to my Dad.

      (Cut back to a side shot of the couple inside of the room.)

      Suki: That&#x27;s great.
      Sokka: Yeah and we&#x27;re escaping today. On the gondola.
      Suki: (confused) What‌
      Sokka: My dad and I came up with a plan together. We&#x27;re gonna commandeer
      the gondola and (places both hands on Suki’s shoulders) we&#x27;re gonna take a
      hostage with us so they won&#x27;t cut the lines.
      Suki: (lowers Sokka’s arms) We&#x27;ll never make it onto the gondola. There&#x27;s
      too many guards.
      Sokka: My dad already thought of that. He said we&#x27;ll need a distraction.
      That&#x27;s why we&#x27;re gonna start a prison riot.
      Suki: (Cut back to Suki who looks sceptical) Okay. Let&#x27;s say by some
      miracle this all works and we make it on the gondola. The Warden will
      still just cut the lines, even if we have a captive.
      Sokka: Not if the Warden is the captive. (A sound from outside the cell
      stops their conversation. Sokka peers at the opening.) I have to go. (Suki
      rushes into screen and hugs him) I&#x27;ll find you before we start the riot.

      (Cut to an overhead shot of the room as he hugs back. Cut to the outside
      of Suki’s cell as the door opens and Sokka sneaks out, closing the door
      along the way.)

      Male Guard: (off screen) Hey you! (Sokka freezes as 2 guards walk into
      screen) The Warden wants to see you. (points to Sokka)
      Sokka: (turns back) Why‌
      Male Guard: I don&#x27;t know. I didn&#x27;t ask.
      Sokka: Maybe I could schedule another time with him‌ How&#x27;s tomorrow‌ (he
      walks off)
      Male Guard: He wants to see you, (Sokka comes back on screen as 2 other
      guards hold his hands behind his back and leads him away) now.

      (Cut to an overhead shot outside with a line of guards standing in front
      of the Warden.)

      Warden: Put him in the line up.

      (Cut to show the line of guards without their helmets. Camera pans to the
      right to show Sokka being shoved into the line up. He loses his balance
      and brushes on another guard as he pushes him back to position. Sokka’s
      eyes are widen in shock and fear. He attempts to hide behind the other
      guard but the guard nudges him away.)

      Warden: One of you is an imposter who thought (Cut to the warden) he could
      fool me. But now that person (Chit Sang is lead to the front of the line
      up) is going to be in a lot of trouble. Who is it‌

      (Cut to Chit Sang’s eyes as they open. Cut to Sokka who is shaking
      nervously on the spot. Cut back to Chit Sang’s eyes as he blinks and
      narrows his eyebrows. Cut to Sokka who closes his eyes.)

      Chit Sang: (off screen) That&#x27;s him, (Sokka opens his eyes and is
      surprised) Warden. (Camera pans to the left to show Chit Sang pointing at
      the bully guard) He&#x27;s the imposter.
      Bully Guard: (Cut to the bully guard who is outraged) What‌! (Cut to the
      warden who smiles. Cut back to the bully guard who grabs Chit Sang by his
      shirt) I am not. He&#x27;s lying! (Chit Sang raises both hands nonchalantly as
      the bully guard is dragged off screen) He&#x27;s a liar!

      (The rest of the guards look on as Chit Sang smiles since he gets even
      with the bully guard. Camera pans to the right to show Sokka looking on
      and sighing with relief. Cut to an opening in a dark room with sunlight
      streaming into it. Camera pans down to show the bully guard strapped to a
      chair in prisoner garb.)

      Bully Guard: I&#x27;m telling you, it wasn&#x27;t me.
      Warden: Save your breath. I know you&#x27;ve been working together. (The warden
      comes close to the guard’s face) You threw Chit Sang in the very cooler
      they used to escape. It was all part of your plan.
      Bully Guard: That was just a coincidence.
      Guard: (the door opens and a voice sounds off screen) Sir, there&#x27;s someone
      to see you.
      Warden: (turns his head to the door) Who told you to interrupt me! (his
      eyes widen and camera cuts to an area in the room facing the door. Azula
      is standing at the doorway. The guards bow down in respect)
      Azula: I did. (Ty Lee can be seen behind her)
      Warden: (Cut to Azula with her arms akimbo, amused) Princess Azula. Uh, it
      is an honor (Azula and Ty Lee walk into the room) to welcome you to the
      Fire Nation&#x27;s most exemplary prison. I didn&#x27;t realize (stands up) you were
      coming.
      Azula: (walks in some more) Who is this‌
      Warden: (Cut to the guard who looks at the warden and then looks away)
      He&#x27;s a guard who was involved in a recent and feeble escape attempt.
      Bully Guard: It wasn&#x27;t me. (Cut to an area behind the guard’s head)
      Warden: Quiet you. (points to the guard)
      Azula: You&#x27;re wasting your time. (turns and walks to the door) That&#x27;s not
      one of them.
      Warden: (stunned) How do you know‌
      Azula: (Cut to Azula) Because I&#x27;m a people person.

      (She walks out and closes the door behind her. Cut to shot overlooking the
      whole prisoner housing area. Camera zooms out to show a guard in a control
      room, looking at the scene.)

      Sokka: (He enters the screen) Hey, I just got orders. Let the prisoners
      out into the yard.
      Guard: (crosses arms) But we’re in the middle of lockdown.
      Sokka: Oh, okay. (he waves his hand dismissively and walks off) I&#x27;ll just
      go tell the Warden you said that. I&#x27;m sure (the guard raises his visor)
      he&#x27;ll be glad to hear about you undermining his authority. (Sokka
      comically enters back into screen, raising his visor) What&#x27;s your name
      again‌ (The guard perspires nervously as Sokka disappears off screen)
      Guard: (throws his arm out) Wait. Don&#x27;t tell the Warden, I… I&#x27;m just a
      little confused.
      Sokka: (Cut to an overhead shot of the room) Hey, I&#x27;m confused too. (turns
      back to the guard) But the Warden&#x27;s in a bad mood and irrational. So if
      you ask me, (puts an arm on the guard’s shoulder and turns him towards the
      controls) it&#x27;s best not to question it and just do what he says.
      Guard: Yeah, you&#x27;re right. (Cut to his hands pulling down the various
      levers as a bell rings off) We&#x27;re letting them out.

      (The door of each cell opens up floor by floor. The prisoners immediately
      leave their cells. Cut to Suki who is kneeling in her cell. She looks to
      the door as it opens. Prisoners rush past her door. She stands up. Cut to
      an overhead view of another door to reveal Hakoda. Cut to an overhead shot
      of the yard as the prisoners stream into it. Cut to reveal Suki, Sokka and
      Hakoda meeting up.)

      Sokka: This is it. We have to start a riot.
      Suki: Okay, but how do we do that‌

      (Cut to Hakoda who looks to the side. Cut to the back of a group of
      prisoners. Cut back to Hakoda who smirks slyly.)

      Hakoda: I&#x27;ll show you.

      (Hakoda walks off screen. Cut to an overhead shot of the group of
      prisoners as Hakoda runs in and shoves the back of a big, burly prisoner.)

      Prisoner: Hey, why did you do that for‌ That hurt my feelings.
      Hakoda: (Cut to a side view of the “confrontation”) Aren&#x27;t you mad at me‌
      Prisoner: Uhh, well normally I would be, but I&#x27;ve been working to control
      my anger. (Cut back to Sokka who looks on with disbelief)
      Sokka: This isn&#x27;t working.

      (A hand lands on Sokka’s shoulder.)

      Chit Sang: Hey you. (Camera pans to show Chit Sang) You&#x27;re lucky I didn&#x27;t
      rat you out. But my generosity comes with a price. I know you&#x27;re planning
      another escape attempt and I want in.
      Sokka: Actually, we&#x27;re trying to escape right now. But we need a riot.
      (points to Chit Sang) You wouldn&#x27;t happen to know how to start one would
      you‌
      Chit Sang: A prison riot‌ (pushes Sokka’s arm to the side) Please. (Walks
      off screen. Cut to show Chit Sang grabbing another prisoner by his shirt
      as the prisoner shrieks. Cut to the back view of Chit Sang as he carries
      the prisoner over his head. ) Hey! (He hoists the prisoner up and down)
      Riot! (the yard breaks into chaos as flames are bended all over the place)

      Hakoda: (Cut back to Hakoda with Sokka staring dumb founded in the
      background.) Impressive.

      (Sokka and Suki look at each other. Camera zooms out to show the prisoner
      Hakoda shoved earlier.)

      Prisoner: Forget about controlling my anger. Let&#x27;s riot!

      (A prisoner jumps into screen to knock him down. Cut the floor of the yard
      as chaos and dust ensues everywhere. Cut to a prisoner sitting on another
      prisoner’s shoulders, attempting to choke him. Cut to the bottom of a
      tower as various guards look down at the scene.)

      Warden: Who let these prisoners into the yard‌ This is supposed to be a
      lockdown!

      (The guard who in charge of the control room raises his visor and blushes
      in embarrassment as he sneaks away. Cut back to Zuko and Mai in the room.
      Camera pans to a guard standing at the doorway.)

      Guard: Ma&#x27;am, there&#x27;s a riot going on. I&#x27;m here to protect you.
      Mai: (Cut to the back of Mai’s head as she turns around) I don&#x27;t need any
      protection.
      Zuko: (Zuko laughs slightly) Hah, believe me. She doesn&#x27;t.
      Guard: (Cut to the guard walking into the room) I&#x27;m sorry but I&#x27;m under
      direct orders (Cut to Zuko who looks serious) from your Uncle to make sure
      nothing happens.

      (Zuko takes the chance and firebends at the guard’s feet and rushes out of
      the room. The guard attempts to shield Mai from the fire.)

      Mai: Get off of me!

      (She throws the guard to the side and runs to the door. Cut to a back view
      of Mai running towards the exit as Zuko slides the door shut. Cut to the
      outside of the door as Zuko meddles with the lock. Cut to Mai’s eyes
      staring at Zuko through the opening. Cut to Zuko’s eyes and he stares
      back. He closes his eyes and rushes off as Mai continues to look at him
      through the opening.

      Cut to Chit Sang, Sokka, Hakoda and Suki standing at the bottom of another
      tower, trying to stay out of the chaos. Zuko comes into screen and throws
      a guard who attempts to subdue him over his shoulder. He runs in front of
      Sokka.)

      Sokka: Zuko, good. We&#x27;re all here. Now all we need to do (points to the
      top of another tower) is grab the Warden and get to the gondolas.
      Zuko: And how do we do that‌
      Sokka: (looks back at Zuko) I&#x27;m not sure.
      Zuko: Argh, I thought you thought this through.
      Sokka: (in hysterics) I thought you told me it&#x27;s okay not to think
      everything through!
      Zuko: (Cut side view shot of the argument. Zuko has his fists clenched.)
      Maybe not everything. But this is kind of important. (Zuko grabs his head.
      While Sokka puts his finger on his chin in thought.)
      Chit Sang: Hey, uhh, fellas. I think your girlfriend&#x27;s taking care of it.

      (Cut to Sokka who peers from behind Chit Sang’s elbow in surprise. Cut to
      a guard and a prisoner scuffling as Suki runs into screen and jumps on
      their heads. Camera pans across the sea of prisoners’ heads to show Suki
      running rapidly on their heads. Cut to another prisoner who is surprised
      to feel something on his head. Cut to Suki’s back view to show her nearing
      the tower. She leaps onto the tower and scales the wall rapidly. She
      pushes herself from the wall as she backflips to land her feet on some
      pipes below the platform.

      Suki flips herself from below the platform to a railing as a guard comes
      by and starts to firebend. She flips off the railing, narrowly missing the
      flames and gives the guard a series of punches that knocks him
      unconscious. Cut to 2 guards running out from a corridor. One of the
      guards aims a firebending kick towards Suki but she dodges and uses her
      arm to trip his other leg, sending him to the ground with a loud thud. Cut
      to the other guard who firebends but Suki dodges and jumps to the railing
      behind him. She quickly jumps onto the wall. The guard stares at her,
      dumbfounded.

      Cut to an overhead shot of Suki who scales the wall with fierce
      determination. Cut to the warden who looks down with shock. Cut to an area
      behind the warden as Suki flips herself over the railing and landing down
      on the platform. The guard near the warden gets into a stance and before
      he does so, Suki slides on the ground and trips him over.

      The warden attempts to move but Suki gets up and holds his arm in a
      deadlock grip. Her other hand is positioned dangerously in front of the
      warden’s face should he attempt to fight back. She stares at him.)

      Warden: You wouldn&#x27;t dare.

      (Suki turns the warden around and brings his hands together as she ties
      rapidly them with a red string. Cut to a front shot of the warden as Suki
      remains behind, pulling down the warden’s headband and turning it around
      so the tie is on his mouth.)

      Suki: Sorry Warden, (she tightens the tie and lets go) you&#x27;re my prisoner
      now.

      (She slams him against the wall. Cut to the other end of the platform to
      show that the rest of the guys have caught up with her.)

      Suki: We&#x27;ve got the Warden, now let&#x27;s get out of here.

      (She looks at them. Cut to the guys who are trying to catch their breath.
      )

      Hakoda: (holds his stomach) That&#x27;s some girl.
      Sokka: (looks at Suki) Tell me about it.

      (Cut to commercial break.)

      Act III

      (Scene returns to an overhead shot of the gondola tower. Prisoners can
      still be seen rioting below. The group is shown running up a staircase
      towards the gondola. Cut to the back view of Suki and Sokka running.)

      Suki: (turns back to Sokka) We&#x27;re almost there.

      (The rest of the group runs into screen. The warden is carried on Chit
      Sang’s shoulder. Cut to the guards at the gondola as they proceed to
      firebend at the group. Cut back to the group as Zuko shoves Sokka aside
      and intercepts the flame, dissipating it immediately. Cut to the guards as
      more join in to help. Cut back to Zuko.)

      Zuko: Back off, we&#x27;ve got the Warden.

      (He moves aside and the camera pans across the group. Cut to the warden
      who looks up from Chit Sang’s shoulder and mumbles under the tie. The
      guards loosen their stances.)

      Zuko: Let&#x27;s go.

      (The group slowly and warily walk past the guards with their arms
      outstretched should the guards attack them. Cut to the gondola area as
      Zuko stops at the end of the platform while the rest run towards the
      gondola. Cut to the inside of the gondola as the door slides aside to
      reveal Suki.)

      Suki: Everyone in.

      (Sokka boards the gondola first. Cut to an overhead view of the gondola as
      the rest run in. Cut back to Zuko who still remains at the platform and he
      runs to the lever, pushing it down. Cut to the ropes of the gondola as it
      loosens and uncoils. Cut back inside the gondola as it slowly moves off,
      leaving Zuko behind. Cut back to Zuko who kicks the lever several times.
      He turns his head and the camera pans to reveal the guards running towards
      him. With one final kick, he successfully breaks the lever and runs
      towards the gondola.

      Camera cuts to an area below the gondola tower’s railings. Zuko flies over
      the railings with fire balls sailing over his head. Cut to a side view
      shot of the gondola as Zuko is seen coming up to it. Cut to Sokka reaching
      out his arm as he catches Zuko. He struggles under the weight. Zuko
      manages to grab hold to the sides of the gondola as Sokka holds his arms
      for support as Zuko climbs in.)

      Sokka: (Cut back to inside the gondola) What are you doing‌
      Zuko: I&#x27;m making it so they can&#x27;t stop us.
      Sokka: Way to think ahead.
      Suki: We&#x27;re on our way.

      (Cut to Hakoda who is looking back at the gondola tower.)

      Hakoda: Wait. Who&#x27;s that‌

      (Sokka and Zuko turn their heads. Cut to Azula, Ty Lee and some guards
      back at the gondola tower as they look at the fleeing gondola.)

      Zuko: (off screen) That&#x27;s a problem. (the guards proceed to bow in
      respect) It&#x27;s my sister and her friend.

      (Cut back to inside of the gondola as Zuko and Hakoda look back to the
      tower. Cut back to a side view shot of Azula’s face looking at the
      gondola. She turns her head to the side. Cut to the back of a nearby guard
      as Azula’s arm comes into screen and grabs the handcuffs clipped on the
      guard’s waist.

      Cut to the lines of the gondola as Ty Lee cartwheels onto them. Azula is
      seen running ahead below the lines. Ty Lee proceeds to run on the line.
      Cut to the line as Ty Lee’s shoe runs on it. Cut to an overhead shot of Ty
      Lee as she rapidly runs across the line. Cut to a side view shot of the
      scene as the guards look on. Azula is seen readying herself.

      Cut to Azula fists as she firebends a huge jet of blue fire. Cut to an
      over head shot of Azula as she propels herself from the ground into the
      air. Cut to the line as the handcuff locks around it. Cut to the side view
      of Azula as she places on arm and a leg behind her and firebends another
      huge jet of fire. The force slides her across the line. Cut to an overhead
      shot of Ty Lee running on the upper line as Azula comes into screen on the
      lower line. Cut back to Suki and Zuko inside the gondola.)

      Suki: This is a rematch I&#x27;ve been waiting for.
      Zuko: Me too.

      (He proceeds to climb up to the gondola’s roof. Cut to an overhead shot of
      the 2 girls as they’re seen nearing the gondola. Cut back to the roof of
      the gondola as Suki, Sokka and Zuko prepare themselves. Sokka unsheathes
      his sword. Cut to the side view of the gondola as the 3 look at the 2
      girls. Cut to a close up of Ty Lee’s face as the cartwheels off the line,
      onto the roof, facing Suki. Cut to the other side of the gondola facing
      the guys’ backs as Azula lands onto screen in a crouch.

      Cut to Azula who stands up with an evil grin on her face. Cut to an
      overhead shot of the stand off. Cut back to Azula who gets into a stance
      with her arms outstretched in front of her. Cut to Zuko’s shoe as Azula
      firebends with her feet towards his. Cut to Sokka and Zuko as Zuko jumps
      and firebends the flames away.

      Cut to the side view of Suki and Ty Lee. Cut to Ty Lee’s determined face.
      Cut to Suki who makes the first move. Ty Lee attempts to chi block Suki
      but Suki blocks all her shots deftly. Suki attempts to punch Ty Lee but Ty
      Lee brings up her arm and intercepts the punch. They struggle briefly with
      neither one gaining the upper hand. Suki punches again but Ty Lee flips
      off screen.

      Cut to Ty Lee’s hands. Cut to the side view of the scene as Ty Lee flips
      into the gondola. Cut back inside the gondola as Ty Lee enters through the
      opening and swiftly exits by another opening back up onto the roof. Cut
      back to Suki as Ty Lee appears back behind her. Ty Lee attempts to chi
      block Suki again but Suki dodges off screen at the last moment. Ty Lee
      continues to fight. A jet of blue fire comes into screen.

      Cut to an overhead shot of Suki being cornered near the gondola’s metal
      extension which links to the cable. Camera slowly pans to the guys as Suki
      and Ty Lee grunt off screen. Azula is seen firebending. Cut to Zuko who
      pushes Azula’s flame apart with his bare hands, dissipating it. Sokka
      proceeds to swing his sword.

      Cut to Azula who dodges it and as the sword finishes its arc, she stands
      up again. She firebends towards Sokka. Cut to a side view of Sokka backing
      off as Zuko takes over, breaking the flame apart with his hands and
      firebending towards his sister. Cut to an area behind Zuko as he is shown
      firebending at her feet. Azula jumps and turns before landing back down
      with a grin. Her eyes suddenly widen and blink. Cut to Sokka’s sword as it
      glints in the sunlight. Cut to Azula who moves back. Cut to an undershot
      of the scene as Azula is pushed near the edge of the roof.

      Cut to Sokka who moves back and Zuko taking the lead by firebending at his
      sister’s feet. Azula jumps and lands in a push up position. Cut to the
      back view of Azula as she is shown balancing only on her hands. Cut to a
      front shot of Azula as she moves her legs across her body and firebends at
      the guys. Cut back to the guys as the move aside.

      Cut to the side view of the gondola as the fire travels towards Suki and
      Ty Lee as they also part to let the flame pass by. Ty Lee is seen
      cartwheeling. Cut to the inside of the gondola as Chit Sang looks up at
      the scene. The warden is seen fidgeting. Cut to the warden’s hands as he
      tries to loosen the string.

      Cut to someone’s point of view looking through a telescope at the warden
      inside the gondola.)

      Guard #1: (off screen) There&#x27;s the Warden. I see him!

      (Cut to the guard looking at through the telescope. The other guards turn
      towards him. Cut back to the warden’s hands as he successfully breaks the
      string. Cut to Chit Sang looking out of the gondola. The warden appears
      beside him and pulls down the tie covering his mouth.)

      Warden: Cut the line!

      (Chit Sang covers the warden’s mouth and holds him back.)

      Guard #2: (Cut to the back view of the guard with the telescope as 2 other
      guards run into screen) He wants us to cut the line.
      Guard #3: (Cut back to the guard with the telescope with the 2 guards
      standing behind him) But if we cut the line, there&#x27;s no way he&#x27;ll survive.

      Guard #1: (brings down the telescope) He knows that.

      (Cut to a metal object being brought near the wheel that contains the line
      as it sparks under friction. Camera zooms up to show a guard struggling to
      hold the metal object in place. Cut to 2 guards behind him who are holding
      a huge hacksaw.

      Cut back to the gondola’s roof as Azula fires a shot towards her brother
      but Zuko once again, breaks the fire apart and sends another shot towards
      his sister. Cut to Azula who jumps and firebends back as she lands. Cut to
      Zuko as he breaks the fire apart again. Cut to Suki and Ty Lee who are
      still fighting. They lose their balance as the gondola stops suddenly.

      Cut to the side view of the gondola as it sways to and fro precariously.
      Cut back to the guard manning the metal object near the wheel. The wheel
      stops turning. Cut to Sokka who is sliding off the roof. Cut to Zuko
      moving towards Sokka. Cut to Sokka’s hand as it slides across the roof.
      Zuko’s hand comes into screen and grabs Sokka’s arm. Camera zooms out to
      show Sokka on the edge of the roof and the gondola sways some more. Once
      the gondola stops moving, Zuko pulls Sokka up.

      Cut to an overhead shot of the gondola’s roof as it tilts slightly. Ty Lee
      is seen climbing up the metal extension while Azula is seen regaining her
      balance. Cut to Ty Lee jumping to the top of the metal extension, looking
      back at the tower.)

      Ty Lee: They&#x27;re about to cut the line!

      (Cut to Ty Lee’s back looking down at Azula as Azula turns her head back
      to the tower. Cut back to the tower as 2 guards proceed to saw the line.
      Camera zooms out to Azula who turns back. Camera cuts to Azula’s back as
      she, Ty Lee and Suki look at another gondola coming in. Camera zooms in on
      the other gondola.)

      Azula: (Cut back to Azula’s face) Then it&#x27;s time to leave. (She smiles and
      propels herself from the roof with her firebending. Cut to Azula sailing
      through the air, looking down at the roof.) Goodbye Zuko.

      (Cut to Zuko who is holding onto Sokka, looking up at his sister. Cut to
      Azula who stops bending as she back flips and lands on the other gondola’s
      roof. Cut to Ty Lee who also flips onto the roof. Cut to Suki, Sokka and
      Zuko looking at the other gondola as it sails back to the tower. Cut to Ty
      Lee and Azula who look back as the gondola continues moving. Cut back to
      inside the gondola as Zuko flips back into it.)

      Zuko: They&#x27;re cutting the line. The gondola&#x27;s about to go!
      Hakoda: I hope this thing floats.

      (Camera pans from the gondola down to the water. Cut back to the guards
      who are still sawing. Cut to a close up of the blade as the lines break.
      Stilettos fly into screen as the guards holding the saw are thrown off
      screen. Cut to docking area as the stiletto pins the guard’s wristguard to
      the structure. He looks at another guard who comes into screen with the
      same fate.)

      Guard: What are you doing‌!
      Mai: (Cut to Mai) Saving the jerk who dumped me.

      (Cut to the guards who move towards Mai. Cut to Mai’s hand as she releases
      a stiletto into it while a guard proceeds to firebend at her. Cut to a
      front shot of Mai as she throws the stilettos and dodges the flames. Cut
      back to the guards as some of them gets pinned by her weapons. The guards
      who remain untouched continue to firebend at Mai. Cut to Mai who slides
      across the floor, narrowly missing the flames.

      She slides across the 2 wheels as she stands up and releases more
      stilettos into her hands. The guards who run towards her get pinned by
      down by her weapons. Cut to a close up of a female guard as she widens her
      eyes. Cut to a side view of the guard as Mai uses her as a shield and
      throws more stilettos at the guards behind her. Cut back to Mai who
      releases another stiletto and brings the female guard to the floor and
      pins her wrist guard to the floor.

      Cut to an overhead shot of the wheel as Mai kicks away the metal object
      that is preventing the lines from being loosened. The wheel turns and the
      gondola continues to move. Cut back to inside the gondola looking back at
      the tower.)

      Sokka: (Cut to a front shot of Sokka who looks out of the opening) Who is
      that‌

      (The others join in to look back at the tower. Cut back to Mai who
      continues to fend off the guards by herself. Cut to a close up of Mai as
      she turns her head back to the gondola.)

      Zuko: (Cut to a shocked Zuko) It&#x27;s Mai.
      Azula: (Cut to a furious Azula) What is she doing‌!

      (Cut to the backs of Azula and Ty Lee as Ty Lee shrugs and makes a “I
      don’t know” noise. Cut to the gondola as it reaches the outer part of the
      crater. Cut to the inside of the entrance tower as the door opens and Suki
      rushes out followed by Sokka, Zuko, Hakoda and Chit Sang. Hakoda turns
      towards Chit Sang and points to the inside of the gondola. Chit Sang
      proceeds to throw the warden back in.)

      Hakoda: (Cut to the back of Hakoda’s head looking at the warden lying on
      the floor) Sorry Warden, your record is officially broken.

      (Hakoda walks off screen while the warden continues to struggle on the
      floor. Cut to a front shot of the group as they run up a rocky incline.)

      Suki: Well, we made it out. Now what‌
      Sokka: (Sokka stops and looks back at Zuko who pauses in his tracks,
      thinking) Zuko, what are you doing‌
      Zuko: My sister was on that island.
      Sokka: Yeah and she&#x27;s probably right behind us. So let&#x27;s not stop.
      Zuko: What I mean is she must have come here somehow. (He runs to the edge
      of the rocks and looks down) There. (Cut to an area looking up at the edge
      of the cliff) That&#x27;s our way out of here.

      (Camera pans down to reveal a Fire Nation zeppelin docked at the shore.

      Cut back to the gondola tower as Mai is brought in front of Azula by the
      guards. Cut to Azula who looks on angrily. Cut to a front shot of Mai as
      she lowers her head so that her fringe covers her eyes.)

      Azula: (off screen) Leave us alone.

      (The guards let go of Mai’s shoulder and does a Fire Nation bow. Mai lifts
      her head up.)

      Azula: (Cut back to Azula) I never expected this from you.

      (Cut back to a side view of Mai. Cut to Ty Lee who is clasping her hands,
      staring at Mai and back at Azula with a frightened look. Cut back to
      Azula.)

      Azula: The thing I don&#x27;t understand is why‌ (lifts her head up) Why would
      you do it‌ You know the consequences.

      (Azula lowers her head down and glares at Mai. Cut back to a side view of
      the scene. Cut back to Mai.)

      Mai: I guess you just don&#x27;t know people as well as you think you do. You
      miscalculated. (Cut back to Azula) I love Zuko more than I fear you.
      (Azula’s face scrunches up in fury.)

      Azula: (outburst) No, you miscalculated! You should have feared me more!

      (Cut to Azula she gets into a stance. Cut to Mai who brings up her
      stiletto. Her weapon glints under the sunlight. Cut back to Azula who
      begins to strike but Ty Lee comes into screen, jabbing her back with a
      series of punches. Cut to Mai who looks stunned. Cut to Azula who gasps
      and falls to the ground to reveal Ty Lee who looks on. Ty Lee runs to
Mai.)

      Ty Lee: Come on, (pulls Mai’s arm) let&#x27;s get out of here!

      (She tries to drag Mai away but guards surround them)

      Azula: (Camera pans to Azula on the floor as she glares at them furiously)
      You’re both fools.

      (Boots come into screen as the guards help her up. Cut back to Mai and Ty
      Lee who are captured by the guards.)

      Guard: What shall we do with them, princess‌
      Azula: (Azula’s head comes into screen) Put them somewhere (Camera slowly
      zooms in on Mai and Ty Lee who have unreadable expressions on their faces)
      I&#x27;ll never have to see their faces again. (Cut back to Azula) And let them
      rot.

      (Scene cuts to the night sky. Camera pans down to the Western Air Temple.
      Azula’s zeppelin can be seen docked near the temple’s structures. Cut to a
      close up under shot of the zeppelin. Cut to a side view of Aang, Katara
      and Toph who stand in front of the zeppelin as Zuko and Sokka walk out.)

      Katara: What are you doing in this thing‌ What happened to the war
      balloon‌
      Zuko: (Cut to Zuko) It kind of got destroyed.
      Aang: (Cut back to the welcoming party) Sounds like a crazy fishing trip.
      Toph: Did you at least get some good meat‌
      Sokka: (Cut to a close up of Sokka) I did. (closes his eyes) The best meat
      of all. (opens his eyes) The meat of friendship and fatherhood.

      (Cut to the entrance of the zeppelin as Suki and Hakoda disembark. Chit
      Sang appears shortly behind them)

      Chit Sang: (waves) I&#x27;m new. What&#x27;s up everybody‌
      Katara: (Cut to Katara who tears up) Dad. (she runs towards her Father)
      Hakoda: (Cut back to Hakoda) Hi, Katara.

      (Camera zooms out to show Katara embracing her Dad.)

      Katara: (Cut to Sokka’s back as he looks on. Katara lets go) How are you
      here‌ What is going on‌ (looks at her brother) Where did you go‌
      Sokka: (Cut to Sokka) We… kind of went to a Fire Nation prison.

      (Zuko nods. Katara’s gloved hand comes into screen and grabs Sokka by his
      arm. Zuko smiles. Cut to the siblings embracing their Dad.)

      Toph: (Cut to an overhead view of the scene as the camera slowly zooms
      out) Seriously, you guys didn&#x27;t find any meat‌

      (Fade to white.)

      [End Credits]
    </div>

=== "中文"

    <div class="script">
    第十五回
沸岩营救 下部

34
00:02:07,500 --&gt; 00:02:10,017
带他们上来听典狱长训话

35
00:02:18,303 --&gt; 00:02:19,472
老爸

36
00:02:21,053 --&gt; 00:02:25,738
不好意思，借过，典狱长让我过去，抱歉啊

37
00:02:26,300 --&gt; 00:02:28,872
欢迎大家来到沸岩

38
00:02:28,872 --&gt; 00:02:33,287
相信大家都听说过关于这座小岛的可怕传言

39
00:02:33,287 --&gt; 00:02:35,551
我想要告诉你们的是

40
00:02:35,551 --&gt; 00:02:40,207
只要凡事都按我说的做, 那些传言就不会成真的

41
00:02:41,191 --&gt; 00:02:43,690
跟你说话呢，看着我的眼睛

42
00:02:44,313 --&gt; 00:02:45,442
没门

43
00:02:45,442 --&gt; 00:02:50,423
哦，既然你喜欢看我的鞋，那就让你看个够

44
00:02:53,086 --&gt; 00:02:57,172
我知道你是谁，哈库达，来自水族

45
00:02:57,172 --&gt; 00:03:02,722
意志坚决，不过别担心，我会帮你磨掉那些锐气的

46
00:03:02,722 --&gt; 00:03:04,573
现在抬头看我着我的眼睛

47
00:03:08,725 --&gt; 00:03:11,105
你看，这不是好多了吗

48
00:03:11,105 --&gt; 00:03:14,155
只要按我说的做就不会吃苦头

49
00:03:14,155 --&gt; 00:03:15,195
你们都....

50
00:03:18,626 --&gt; 00:03:20,267
长官，你还好吗？

51
00:03:20,267 --&gt; 00:03:23,898
我没事，把这些囚犯都给我带走

52
00:03:39,000 --&gt; 00:03:40,853
谢天谢地，你没事真的是太好了

53
00:03:41,348 --&gt; 00:03:45,909
你再靠近一步，我就让你脸上开花

54
00:03:46,602 --&gt; 00:03:48,200
老爸，是我啊

55
00:03:49,438 --&gt; 00:03:50,976
索卡

56
00:03:50,976 --&gt; 00:03:52,625
我的儿啊

57
00:03:54,000 --&gt; 00:03:58,092
我说索卡，穿这身兵皮时你得小心着点

58
00:03:58,092 --&gt; 00:04:00,298
我刚才差点就给了你一拳

59
00:04:00,298 --&gt; 00:04:02,593
是啊，之前也差点因为这身衣服被扁

60
00:04:08,952 --&gt; 00:04:10,832
你舒服吗，秦尚？

61
00:04:11,358 --&gt; 00:04:15,487
我可不是那种没脊梁的软骨头，打死我也不会说的

62
00:04:15,875 --&gt; 00:04:19,605
秦尚，我只是问你舒不舒服

63
00:04:19,605 --&gt; 00:04:22,775
这样啊，实际上，我确实很舒服

64
00:04:26,000 --&gt; 00:04:28,988
-现在还舒服吗?  -不了

65
00:04:28,988 --&gt; 00:04:33,475
我知道你那帮狐朋狗友没人能想出那么聪明的逃跑计划

66
00:04:34,240 --&gt; 00:04:38,201
你就老实交代吧，到底是谁

67
00:04:50,251 --&gt; 00:04:54,001
巴图在哪儿呢？参与侵入的其他人呢？

68
00:04:54,001 --&gt; 00:04:57,261
其他人都被关在一座毗邻烈火国宫殿的监狱中

69
00:04:57,288 --&gt; 00:05:00,135
只有我一人被视为战犯的首领押到这儿来

70
00:05:00,342 --&gt; 00:05:04,178
在我离开之前，我见到几位年轻的女士，她们说认识你

71
00:05:04,178 --&gt; 00:05:06,375
叫什么大洋部落战士？

72
00:05:06,375 --&gt; 00:05:08,371
你说的是虚子武士吧？

73
00:05:08,371 --&gt; 00:05:12,631
-没错  -她们的领袖苏琪也在这儿，她会跟咱们一起越狱的

74
00:05:12,650 --&gt; 00:05:15,092
太好了，我们需要团结一切可以团结的力量

75
00:05:15,092 --&gt; 00:05:18,256
-你听说过祖寇王子吗？   -你是说烈火王的儿子？

76
00:05:18,256 --&gt; 00:05:22,091
-我不认识他，只是听说过。    -那个，他也在这儿

77
00:05:22,091 --&gt; 00:05:24,159
看起来是个很棘手的麻烦

78
00:05:24,159 --&gt; 00:05:26,263
事实上，他现在站在我们这一边

79
00:05:27,956 --&gt; 00:05:30,339
我知道，起初我也是同样的反应

80
00:05:30,350 --&gt; 00:05:32,761
在他做过那些坏事之后，的确很难信任他

81
00:05:32,761 --&gt; 00:05:36,275
不过他确实证明了自己的转变
再说，如果不是他帮忙，我还找不到你呢

82
00:05:37,434 --&gt; 00:05:39,761
那你想好逃跑计划了吗？

83
00:05:39,796 --&gt; 00:05:43,729
曾经有一个，不过被一起行事的人给搞砸了

84
00:05:43,729 --&gt; 00:05:46,613
我不知道是否还有其他方法可以离开这座岛

85
00:05:46,616 --&gt; 00:05:51,754
索卡，世上哪有一所监狱能够困住两位水族天才的呢

86
00:05:52,046 --&gt; 00:05:53,395
确实挺难找的

87
00:06:06,990 --&gt; 00:06:09,685
祖寇，在吗？

88
00:06:09,777 --&gt; 00:06:10,710
我在

89
00:06:10,710 --&gt; 00:06:15,289
我刚和老爸谈完，我们同时想到了一个逃跑的方案

90
00:06:15,331 --&gt; 00:06:16,400
你在那儿干嘛呢?

91
00:06:18,628 --&gt; 00:06:21,649
我正在鄙视这个下三滥的罪犯

92
00:06:21,649 --&gt; 00:06:24,761
那个，你最好迟些时候再来，他得跟我们走一趟

93
00:06:25,125 --&gt; 00:06:26,450
为啥？

94
00:06:26,450 --&gt; 00:06:29,429
那是典狱长直接下达的命令，没有什么为什么

95
00:06:29,548 --&gt; 00:06:32,861
再给我10秒钟吧，我想修理一下这小子

96
00:06:32,861 --&gt; 00:06:36,379
好吧，就给你10秒

97
00:06:37,800 --&gt; 00:06:40,144
接招吧，受死吧

98
00:06:40,144 --&gt; 00:06:41,889
新兵豆子一个

99
00:06:45,945 --&gt; 00:06:48,800
我们有个新计划，不过
需要弄个大的事件来分散注意力

100
00:06:48,800 --&gt; 00:06:50,398
一个小时后庭院上见

101
00:06:53,000 --&gt; 00:06:55,073
好了，够了

102
00:06:58,000 --&gt; 00:07:00,723
你们要干什么？要把我带到哪里去？

103
00:07:03,938 --&gt; 00:07:05,912
我没做错什么啊？

104
00:07:05,912 --&gt; 00:07:09,455
得了吧，祖寇，做没做错事你心里清楚

105
00:07:09,455 --&gt; 00:07:11,337
梅！

106
00:07:17,527 --&gt; 00:07:20,909
-他怎么样了？  -我想他准备开口了

107
00:07:26,456 --&gt; 00:07:29,828
我问的问题你考虑好了吗？

108
00:07:30,191 --&gt; 00:07:31,282
是的

109
00:07:31,282 --&gt; 00:07:37,011
-那答案是....    -你说的没错，参与计划的确另有其人

110
00:07:37,148 --&gt; 00:07:42,277
-是谁？ -那个人伪装成狱警的样子，其实他是来劫狱的

111
00:07:42,277 --&gt; 00:07:45,560
主意都是他想出来的，他才是幕后主谋

112
00:07:59,548 --&gt; 00:08:01,489
你怎么知道我在这里？

113
00:08:01,489 --&gt; 00:08:03,877
因为我太了解你了

114
00:08:03,877 --&gt; 00:08:07,211
-不过，究竟...    -典狱长是我叔叔，傻瓜

115
00:08:08,855 --&gt; 00:08:11,988
看来事实上我并不了解你

116
00:08:12,207 --&gt; 00:08:17,022
你想伤我的心，当面说就好了
留下一封信算怎么回事啊

117
00:08:17,865 --&gt; 00:08:19,944
-我不是故意...    -你不是故意的？

118
00:08:20,905 --&gt; 00:08:25,744
亲爱的梅，很抱歉用这种方式告诉你，我要走了

119
00:08:25,828 --&gt; 00:08:29,965
别念了，我离开不是因为你，而是为了烈火国

120
00:08:29,965 --&gt; 00:08:33,761
谢了，祖寇，听过之后感觉还真好了许多呢

121
00:08:35,174 --&gt; 00:08:37,864
梅，我从来都没想到要伤害你

122
00:08:37,864 --&gt; 00:08:41,058
不过为了拯救我的国家，我也只好忍痛割爱

123
00:08:41,058 --&gt; 00:08:43,662
什么拯救？你根本就是背叛了你的国家

124
00:08:43,662 --&gt; 00:08:45,816
我可不那么认为

125
00:08:55,158 --&gt; 00:08:56,978
索卡，怎么了？

126
00:08:56,978 --&gt; 00:09:01,066
我时间不多，如果被看见和你在一起，狱警会生疑的

127
00:09:02,947 --&gt; 00:09:04,503
我刚和老爸谈完

128
00:09:04,503 --&gt; 00:09:08,769
-太好了    -我们准备今天乘缆船逃跑

129
00:09:08,865 --&gt; 00:09:12,255
-什么？  -我和老爸同时想到的这个主意

130
00:09:12,255 --&gt; 00:09:16,591
我们得想办法进入缆船，再绑个人质以防狱警切断缆绳

131
00:09:16,599 --&gt; 00:09:20,456
警卫这么多，咱们怎么可能接近缆船呢

132
00:09:20,866 --&gt; 00:09:24,244
老爸已经考虑过那个问题了，他打算煽动一场暴动

133
00:09:24,244 --&gt; 00:09:26,487
这样就可以为我们作掩护了

134
00:09:26,487 --&gt; 00:09:31,988
好吧，就假设奇迹出现，我们能进入缆船

135
00:09:31,988 --&gt; 00:09:35,446
即便我们有人质，典狱长仍会下令割断缆绳的

136
00:09:35,468 --&gt; 00:09:38,391
除非典狱长就是那个人质

137
00:09:40,322 --&gt; 00:09:42,072
我得走了

138
00:09:42,072 --&gt; 00:09:44,620
暴乱之前我会来找你的

139
00:09:47,000 --&gt; 00:09:49,820
嘿，说你呢，典狱长要见你

140
00:09:50,412 --&gt; 00:09:52,766
-为啥？  -不知道，我也没问

141
00:09:52,780 --&gt; 00:09:56,279
我会再找个时间去找他的，不如明天吧

142
00:09:56,279 --&gt; 00:09:58,311
他现在就要见你

143
00:10:02,075 --&gt; 00:10:03,799
让他入列

144
00:10:09,800 --&gt; 00:10:13,811
你们当中有个内鬼，居然还想愚弄本大人

145
00:10:14,278 --&gt; 00:10:19,401
不过这个人会让你吃不了兜着走的

146
00:10:20,631 --&gt; 00:10:21,679
到底那个人是谁？

147
00:10:28,093 --&gt; 00:10:30,872
典狱长，就是他，他就是那个内鬼

148
00:10:32,221 --&gt; 00:10:33,742
什么？

149
00:10:35,103 --&gt; 00:10:39,520
我不是，他在说谎，他是个大骗子

150
00:10:47,000 --&gt; 00:10:49,852
我跟你说，真不是我啊

151
00:10:50,398 --&gt; 00:10:53,505
你省省吧，我知道肯定是你们俩合谋干的

152
00:10:53,505 --&gt; 00:10:58,512
你故意让秦尚进那个逃跑用的冷却器，你真是早有预谋啊

153
00:10:58,562 --&gt; 00:11:01,087
那只不过是巧合罢了

154
00:11:01,543 --&gt; 00:11:03,829
长官，有人要见你

155
00:11:03,829 --&gt; 00:11:05,943
谁让你来打搅我的

156
00:11:07,164 --&gt; 00:11:09,151
是我

157
00:11:09,715 --&gt; 00:11:16,800
阿祖拉公主殿下，啊，
欢迎驾临烈火国最模范监狱，我们真是受宠若惊啊

158
00:11:16,800 --&gt; 00:11:18,516
不知您会到来，未能远迎，请您赎罪

159
00:11:18,597 --&gt; 00:11:24,325
-这人是谁啊？  -这人主谋了最近的“越狱门”事件

160
00:11:24,771 --&gt; 00:11:26,008
与我无关啊

161
00:11:26,008 --&gt; 00:11:30,079
-你给我闭嘴  -你在浪费时间，这人根本就不是你要找的

162
00:11:31,157 --&gt; 00:11:32,277
您是怎么知道的？

163
00:11:32,277 --&gt; 00:11:34,318
别人都说我是人精

164
00:11:39,889 --&gt; 00:11:43,522
嘿，我刚接到命令，说让囚犯都到庭院上去

165
00:11:43,522 --&gt; 00:11:45,611
现在还不到放风时间呢

166
00:11:45,701 --&gt; 00:11:48,760
好吧，好吧，我这就将你的话回报给典狱长

167
00:11:48,760 --&gt; 00:11:53,273
若是知道你藐视他的权利
他一定会很高兴的，对了，你叫啥来着？

168
00:11:53,554 --&gt; 00:11:57,402
等等，别去找典狱长了，我只是有点疑惑

169
00:11:57,423 --&gt; 00:12:02,490
嘿，我不也是一样
不过现在典狱长心情不太好，有点不可理喻

170
00:12:02,684 --&gt; 00:12:06,660
你最好啥也别问，他说啥你做啥不就得了

171
00:12:07,141 --&gt; 00:12:09,172
是啊，你说的没错

172
00:12:09,279 --&gt; 00:12:11,313
放他们出去

173
00:12:29,020 --&gt; 00:12:31,704
好了，现在该去掀起暴动了

174
00:12:31,704 --&gt; 00:12:33,894
好吧，那该怎么做呢?

175
00:12:38,500 --&gt; 00:12:39,942
看我的吧

176
00:12:42,739 --&gt; 00:12:46,636
嘿，你想干嘛啊？别来烦我

177
00:12:46,763 --&gt; 00:12:52,807
-你不生我的气吗？-呃，一般来说我会生气的
不过我最近正在学习控制愤怒

178
00:12:53,486 --&gt; 00:12:55,324
看来没管用啊

179
00:12:55,401 --&gt; 00:12:58,588
嘿，我说你，我没供你出去算你走运

180
00:12:58,775 --&gt; 00:13:01,081
不过得到我的慷慨是要付出代价的

181
00:13:01,532 --&gt; 00:13:04,759
我知道你们又要策划越狱了，算我一个

182
00:13:04,940 --&gt; 00:13:09,076
事实上，我们正在越着呢
我们需要发起暴乱来作掩护

183
00:13:09,339 --&gt; 00:13:11,865
你不会碰巧知道该怎么做吧

184
00:13:11,865 --&gt; 00:13:14,406
那你可真是问对人了

185
00:13:18,145 --&gt; 00:13:21,422
嘿，暴动吧

186
00:13:26,237 --&gt; 00:13:27,645
还真有他的

187
00:13:28,889 --&gt; 00:13:32,597
干嘛要控制我的愤怒，咱们一起暴动吧

188
00:13:39,838 --&gt; 00:13:44,125
是谁把这些囚犯放到庭院里的，现在又不是放风时间

189
00:13:49,436 --&gt; 00:13:52,028
女士，外面发生了骚乱，我奉命来保护您

190
00:13:52,028 --&gt; 00:13:53,761
我可不需要什么保护

191
00:13:53,761 --&gt; 00:13:55,975
相信我，她真的不需要

192
00:13:55,975 --&gt; 00:13:59,482
对不起，不过这是您叔叔直接下的命令
他想让我确保您安然无恙

193
00:14:00,912 --&gt; 00:14:02,654
给我让开

194
00:14:17,378 --&gt; 00:14:19,482
祖寇，太好了，人都到齐了

195
00:14:19,482 --&gt; 00:14:22,726
现在只要抓住典狱长就可以赶往缆船了

196
00:14:22,726 --&gt; 00:14:24,431
怎么抓住典狱长想好了吗？

197
00:14:24,847 --&gt; 00:14:26,577
我也不太清楚

198
00:14:26,577 --&gt; 00:14:29,238
我还以为你都考虑过了呢

199
00:14:29,238 --&gt; 00:14:32,372
你不是说“船到桥头自然直”吗

200
00:14:32,660 --&gt; 00:14:35,742
那你也得分清轻重缓急啊，抓典狱长可是件大事啊

201
00:14:36,439 --&gt; 00:14:39,891
嘿，呃，伙计们，我想你女朋友有办法搞定

202
00:15:09,258 --&gt; 00:15:11,254
你敢

203
00:15:14,526 --&gt; 00:15:17,383
抱歉了，典狱长，你现在是我的囚徒了

204
00:15:18,691 --&gt; 00:15:21,467
现在典狱长到手了，咱们这就离开这儿吧

205
00:15:22,000 --&gt; 00:15:24,336
这闺女太强了

206
00:15:24,336 --&gt; 00:15:25,612
你究竟是怎么办到的？

207
00:15:34,400 --&gt; 00:15:35,624
咱们就快到了

208
00:15:42,796 --&gt; 00:15:44,987
都退后，典狱长在我们手里

209
00:15:50,123 --&gt; 00:15:51,200
咱们走

210
00:16:02,097 --&gt; 00:16:04,224
大家都上船

211
00:16:34,500 --&gt; 00:16:38,287
-你干嘛去了？ -我把闸废了，这样他们就阻止不了咱们了

212
00:16:38,287 --&gt; 00:16:39,774
好样的

213
00:16:39,774 --&gt; 00:16:41,069
终于安全了

214
00:16:41,069 --&gt; 00:16:43,024
等等，那几个人是谁？

215
00:16:44,044 --&gt; 00:16:45,315
咱们的大麻烦来了

216
00:16:45,315 --&gt; 00:16:48,184
那是我妹妹和她的朋友

217
00:17:10,219 --&gt; 00:17:13,146
这场比试我等了很久了

218
00:17:13,200 --&gt; 00:17:14,225
我也是

219
00:18:22,367 --&gt; 00:18:23,471
典狱长在那儿

220
00:18:23,642 --&gt; 00:18:24,642
我看见他了

221
00:18:28,206 --&gt; 00:18:30,087
把缆绳切断

222
00:18:30,100 --&gt; 00:18:31,526
他让我们切掉缆绳

223
00:18:31,526 --&gt; 00:18:34,638
如果把缆绳切掉，他不是也就没命了

224
00:18:34,898 --&gt; 00:18:36,460
这点他清楚

225
00:19:02,091 --&gt; 00:19:04,020
他们要切掉缆绳了

226
00:19:15,036 --&gt; 00:19:17,210
也该是咱们要离开的时候了

227
00:19:19,812 --&gt; 00:19:21,182
再见了，祖寇

228
00:19:35,018 --&gt; 00:19:38,100
他们要切断缆绳了，缆船要掉下去了

229
00:19:38,100 --&gt; 00:19:39,956
希望它能够浮起来

230
00:19:51,000 --&gt; 00:19:52,474
你要干嘛？

231
00:19:53,358 --&gt; 00:19:55,440
救那个甩了我的混蛋

232
00:20:21,274 --&gt; 00:20:22,434
那是谁

233
00:20:27,489 --&gt; 00:20:29,421
是梅

234
00:20:29,421 --&gt; 00:20:31,691
她到底在干什么？

235
00:20:49,012 --&gt; 00:20:52,983
对不起，典狱长，正式通知你
你的记录已经被打破了

236
00:20:57,000 --&gt; 00:20:59,895
咱们成功了，现在该怎么办？

237
00:21:01,405 --&gt; 00:21:05,014
-祖寇，还愣着干嘛？ -我妹妹在那个岛上

238
00:21:05,585 --&gt; 00:21:08,712
没错，她没准正在后面追咱们呢，咱们赶紧撤吧

239
00:21:08,712 --&gt; 00:21:11,076
我是在想她是怎么来到这儿的呢？

240
00:21:13,250 --&gt; 00:21:17,262
看，咱们有办法离开这儿了

241
00:21:24,729 --&gt; 00:21:25,676
你们下去吧

242
00:21:29,567 --&gt; 00:21:33,110
没想到你居然会这么做

243
00:21:36,975 --&gt; 00:21:40,837
我就是不明白为什么，为什么你会这样？

244
00:21:40,837 --&gt; 00:21:43,118
你知道跟我作对的下场是什么

245
00:21:45,137 --&gt; 00:21:48,115
我猜你远没有自己想象的那样了解别人

246
00:21:48,115 --&gt; 00:21:53,167
你失算了，我对祖寇的爱胜于对你的恐惧

247
00:21:53,167 --&gt; 00:21:56,977
不，失算的是你，你对我的恐惧还远远不够

248
00:22:08,563 --&gt; 00:22:10,743
快啊，咱们赶快离开这儿

249
00:22:15,000 --&gt; 00:22:16,854
你们两个笨蛋

250
00:22:18,685 --&gt; 00:22:20,542
公主殿下，我们该怎样处置她们

251
00:22:20,542 --&gt; 00:22:24,600
把她们给我关起来，别让我在看到她们的脸

252
00:22:24,600 --&gt; 00:22:26,273
让她们把牢底坐穿吧

253
00:22:34,473 --&gt; 00:22:36,508
你们怎么搞到这东西的？

254
00:22:36,508 --&gt; 00:22:37,970
那个作战气球怎么了？

255
00:22:37,970 --&gt; 00:22:41,559
-那个气球坏了。  -看起来你们的钓鱼之旅很惊险啊

256
00:22:41,629 --&gt; 00:22:43,548
你们有没有弄到好肉啊？

257
00:22:43,548 --&gt; 00:22:49,232
当然了，我搞到了世上最好的肉，友谊之肉和父爱之肉

258
00:22:53,120 --&gt; 00:22:55,638
我是新来的，大家好啊

259
00:22:55,638 --&gt; 00:22:57,376
老爸

260
00:22:57,376 --&gt; 00:22:59,109
嗨，卡塔拉

261
00:23:03,701 --&gt; 00:23:05,385
你怎么会到这儿来的呢？

262
00:23:05,385 --&gt; 00:23:07,971
到底发生了什么？你们去哪儿了？

263
00:23:08,000 --&gt; 00:23:11,335
我们闯进了一座烈火国的监狱

264
00:23:16,347 --&gt; 00:23:19,293
说真的，你们压根就没带肉回来，对吧？

265
00:23:20,331 --&gt; 00:23:22,894
-=未完待续=-
听译/时间轴：Tucity
校正：阿土 英麟
特别感谢参与校译的新浪网友
http://blog.sina.com.cn/tucity
本字幕仅为个人学习之用，请勿用作商业用途

1
00:00:00,500 --&gt; 00:00:01,274
水善国

2
00:00:02,677 --&gt; 00:00:04,075
土强国

3
00:00:04,491 --&gt; 00:00:06,178
火烈国

4
00:00:06,574 --&gt; 00:00:07,646
气和国

5
00:00:09,039 --&gt; 00:00:12,483
很久以前，这四大国和谐共处

6
00:00:12,966 --&gt; 00:00:16,971
然而，烈火国发起的战争结束了和平

7
00:00:17,394 --&gt; 00:00:21,188
只有同时掌握四种元素的降世神通才能结束战争

8
00:00:21,189 --&gt; 00:00:24,495
然而在大家最需要他的时候，他却消失了

9
00:00:24,871 --&gt; 00:00:28,263
100年后，我和哥哥发现了转世的降世神通

10
00:00:28,637 --&gt; 00:00:30,505
他是个御气师，名叫“安昂”

11
00:00:30,540 --&gt; 00:00:32,913
尽管他的御气术着实了得

12
00:00:32,948 --&gt; 00:00:35,574
在拯救苍生之前，他要学的还有很多

13
00:00:36,573 --&gt; 00:00:39,566
但是我坚信 安昂能拯救这个世界

14
00:00:39,739 --&gt; 00:00:44,525
-=降世神通=-
最后的气宗
英语字幕听录：英麟
翻译/时间轴：阿土
校对：阿土 英麟
http://blog.sina.com.cn/tucity
本字幕仅为个人学习之用，请勿用作商业用途

15
00:00:45,368 --&gt; 00:00:47,520
降世神通 前情提要

16
00:00:48,666 --&gt; 00:00:53,039
你不知道这场战争给我带来怎样的痛苦

17
00:00:53,128 --&gt; 00:00:56,427
火宗人杀害了我的母亲

18
00:00:57,646 --&gt; 00:00:58,624
我很遗憾

19
00:00:58,624 --&gt; 00:01:03,024
你那套洗心革面的说辞骗得了别人

20
00:01:03,024 --&gt; 00:01:07,079
可却骗不住我，你我都知道
你的内心一直都在正邪之间挣扎

21
00:01:07,079 --&gt; 00:01:09,856
咱们就挑开天窗说亮话吧

22
00:01:09,856 --&gt; 00:01:13,130
哪怕你有一点的退步，哪怕一丁点

23
00:01:13,130 --&gt; 00:01:15,264
让我发现你会对安昂不利的话

24
00:01:15,264 --&gt; 00:01:18,474
你就永远也不用为你的命运担忧了

25
00:01:18,474 --&gt; 00:01:24,005
第三卷
火
    </div>
