# S03E16 - The Southern Raiders

**Languages:** English / 中文

## English

<pre class="script">
      The Southern Raiders

      Written By: Elizabeth Welch Ehasz
      Directed By: Joaquim Dos Santos
      Storyboard By: Dae, Kang Sung, Joaquim Dos Santos, Ian Graham, Lauren
      Montgomery, Kenji Ono, Yu, Jae Myung
      Animation By: Moi Animation
      Transcriber: Icy_Ashford

      [Introduction sequence]

      [“Previously on Avatar” sequence, including clips from The Crossroads of
      Destiny and The Western Air Temple]

      Act I

      (Episode opens up to the upside down pagodas of the Western Air Temple.
      Cut to the area near the fountain where everyone is sleeping in a circle.
      Camera pans across a sleeping Suki, Chit Sang and Hakoda. Cut to Teo in
      his sleeping bag and camera pans across The Duke and Zuko who are also
      asleep. Cut to Aang who yawns and rubs his eyes after sleeping on Appa.
      Camera pans across with him looking at the fountain with birds surrounding
      them. The birds fly off and an object flies into screen.

      Cut to Aang who immediately gets off Appa and twirls his glider,
      airbending the object away. Camera zooms out on the pagodas as the bomb
      hits the top of the cliff and explodes. More bombs are hurled towards the
      Western Air Temple from below the clouds. Cut back to the sleeping area as
      everyone wakes up from the noise. Cut to the back view of Aang as he runs
      forward. Cut to his point of view to reveal 3 black shapes coming out from
      the clouds.

      Cut to the side view of the shapes to reveal the Fire Nation airships
      rising up from the clouds. A canon from one of the air ships fires. Cut to
      a bridge on the temple as it gets destroyed by a bomb. Cut back to the
      sleeping area as Aang retreats into it and twirls his staff, airbending a
      huge gust of air. Cut to an overhead shot of the fountain to show that he
      airbended the doors closed. More bombs are hurled and they explode.

      Cut to the ceiling as it crumbles and shakes. One of the pieces dislodges.
      Cut to a top view of Katara who looks up.)

      Zuko: (pushing her out of the way) Watch out!

      (They roll and tumble before the ceiling piece lands at the spot Katara
      was.)

      Katara: What are you doing‌!
      Zuko: Keeping rocks from crushing you.
      Katara: Okay, I’m not crushed. You can get off me now.

      (She slides out from under Zuko irritably)

      Zuko: I’ll take that as a thank you.

      (He stands. Cut to a wall being crumbled apart to reveal a tunnel. Camera
      zooms out to show Haru and Toph are the ones who created it.)

      Toph: (turns back and points to the tunnel) Come on, we can get out
      through here!

      (Cut to an overhead view of the scene as they evacuate to the tunnel. Cut
      to Aang who is pulling on Appa’s reins towards the tunnel.)

      Aang: What are you doing‌
      Zuko: (Camera zooms out to show Zuko isn’t evacuating) Go ahead, I’ll hold
      them off. I think this is a family visit.

      (Zuko runs towards the air ships.)

      Aang: (Cut back to Aang who looks on, stunned) Zuko, no!

      (Sokka and Katara are seen running towards him from behind.)

      Sokka: (grabs Aang’s shoulder) Come on, we gotta get out of here.

      (All 3 proceed to pull on Appa’s reins. Cut to a shot of the partially
      destroyed air temple doors. Zuko jumps over the crumpled portions. Cut to
      Zuko running. Cut to a bomb flying into screen and exploding with black
      smoke everywhere. Zuko jumps out from the smoke with a smoke sphere around
      him, unharmed and he starts to firebend. Cut to the underside of the
      airship as it gets hit by Zuko’s flames. Cut to Zuko’s back view as an
      observation stand rises into screen. Cut to show Azula looking down from
      the stand. She is smiling crazily. Cut to an overhead view of Azula’s
      airship.)

      Zuko: (Cut to Zuko and camera slowly zooms out on him) What are you doing
      here‌
      Azula: (Cut to Azula) You mean it’s not obvious yet‌ (opens her arms out)
      I’m about to celebrate becoming an only child!

      (She flips over the railings and firebends with her feet to Zuko. Cut to a
      back view of Azula as the flips back and the area Zuko was at explodes,
      covering the entire in black smoke. Cut to Zuko who is running away from
      the explosion and falls down from the impact. Cut to a pillar breaking
      apart. Cut to the underside of the structure as it shakes. Cut to the
      floor as cracks and fissures rapidly appear. Zuko gets up and runs across
      the floor. He proceeds to run up a pillar. As the pillar slowly falls,
      Zuko launches himself off it. Cut to Zuko sailing through the air as he
      firebends. Cut to a side view of the scene as his first 2 shots misses the
      observation stand but the third one finally hits it.

      Cut to the bottom of the observation stand as Azula jumps off and lands
      below before the flames hit. Cut to Zuko who is falling rapidly and
      struggling to hold on to the Fire Nation symbol on the airship. Cut to a
      top view of Zuko who vanishes into the clouds. Cut back to Azula who
      stands up and looks on. Cut back to the crumbling structure of the
      sleeping area. Cut to Toph who grinds her teeth with her hands up. Cut to
      her back view to show her trying to support the tunnel. Appa can be seen
      resisting.)

      Aang: (Cut to a side view of the 3 outside the tunnel as they tug the
      reins to no avail) I can’t get him to go in there. Appa hates tunnels.
      Katara: (Cut to a close up of Katara as their arms tremble against Appa’s
      resistance) Aang, there’s no way we can fly out of here.
      Aang: We’ll have to find a way. (they loosen their hold on the reins)
      Sokka: We need to split up. (runs towards the group in the tunnel) Take
      the tunnel and get to the stolen airship.
      Katara: (Cut to Katara who turns her head back) No, (Cut to a side view of
      Katara as she walks to Hakoda) the Fire Nation can’t separate our family
      again.
      Hakoda: (places his hands on her shoulders) It’ll be okay, it’s not
      forever.

      (Cut to an area behind Hakoda’s shoulder as Katara visibly doesn’t want to
      do this. She gives her Dad a hug and runs back to Appa. Hakoda proceeds to
      squeeze Sokka’s arm and hugs him. Sokka then pulls Suki away. Cut to
      Hakoda who looks on and turns back. Cut to the legs of the fleeing group
      in the tunnel. Appa moves to the side. Cut to Katara in the saddle as the
      stretches her hand out to help Suki into the saddle. Cut to Toph who
      touches the wall.)

      Toph: (Cut to an area on the ground looking at Appa as Aang climbs onto
      his horns onto his head) I can clear that away and we can fly out through
      there.

      (She earthbends herself onto Appa.)

      Suki: (Cut to the inside of the saddle as Toph lands) Umm, there’s an
      awful lot of fire in that general direction. (They cringe as their
      surroundings continue to crumble and shake)
      Aang: (Camera pans down to Appa’s head) We’ll get through, let’s go.

      (Cut back to the outside looking at the Western Air Temple. The fallen
      pile of debris and rocks are thrown apart as Appa flies off. Cut to the
      underside of Appa which has a shield of earth in front of its face. Cut
      back to Azula who turns around and spots the flying bison. She firebends
      at the earth shield but it doesn’t break apart. She ducks as Appa flies
      over. Cut to a side view of Appa as Toph earthbends the shield into
      pieces. Cut back to a smiling Azula as she cocks an eyebrow and looks back
      to a rising airship behind her. She moves aside to reveal Zuko standing on
      the airship, looking back.

      Cut to a close up of Zuko who looks on with determination. Cut to the
      group who look back with surprise. Cut to the back view of Zuko. Cut to
      the side view of Azula. Cut back to Zuko as he moves off screen. Cut to
      his legs as he runs and propels himself. Cut to the bottom of Zuko between
      the 2 airships as he leaps off from one airship to the other. Cut to an
      overhead shot of Azula who firebends at her brother. Cut to Zuko who is
      still sailing through the air as he kicks the flame aside and firebends
      back.

      Cut to Azula who does a backward somersault to avoid the flame. Zuko lands
      into screen in front of her. Cut the side view of the fight as Zuko
      firebends at Azula but she dissipates it with a swipe of her arm. Cut to
      the back of Azula’s arm as she sends another shot to her brother who also
      swipes it aside. Azula moves off screen. Zuko sends a shot to his sister
      and rushes in. Cut to Appa as it flies above the clouds, dodging the fire.
      Katara is standing up on the saddle with water circling around her to
      prevent the fire from hitting the saddle.

      Cut to the bottom of another airship as various elite firebenders stand at
      the edge and proceed to firebend. Cut to Aang who pulls up Appa’s reins.
      Cut to a side view of Appa flying up to get away from the fire. Cut to a
      close up of Appa is it flies over the air ship while Aang struggles to
      control his bison.

      Cut back to Azula who swipes her brother’s fire away with her right and
      her left hand. She then sends her own shots to Zuko. Cut to Zuko who kicks
      away the flames with his right and left foot. More shots come into screen
      and he swipes them away with his hands while closing in on his sister. Cut
      to a side view of the fight as Zuko is seen nearing Azula. Cut to Azula as
      she throws her left first out and time slows down. Cut to Zuko who pushes
      Azula’s fire away with his right hand and bringing out his flaming left
      fist. Camera zooms out on the two as they collide their firsts and the
      impact causes a huge explosion. Cut to an overhead view of the air ship as
      a big puff of black smoke covers the top of the air ship.

      Cut to Azula on her back as she skids across the surface of the air ship.
      She gets flipped onto her stomach and she struggles to hold on but is
      thrown off. Cut to Zuko who tumbles across the surface and his eyes widen
      in fear as he falls off the air ship. Camera zooms out to show the
      siblings falling. Appa flies into screen and Zuko reaches out his arm and
      Katara pulls him back into the safety of the saddle. Cut to the inside of
      the saddle as Zuko and the rest look back at Azula. Cut to Azula who is
      falling and spinning around. Cut back to Zuko.)

      Zuko: She’s not going to make it.

      (Cut to a frustrated Azula as she tugs the hairpiece off her hair and
      firebends with her feet as the force propels her to the nearby cliff. As
      she nears the cliff, she backflips and digs her hairpiece into the rocks
      as she skids down, pushing her legs against the rocks to slow down her
      descend. She finally stops. Cut back to Zuko.)

      Zuko: Of course she did.

      (He looks away and camera zooms out on the group who look back at Azula.
      Cut back to Azula who looks on with a satisfied smirk. Scene fades to
      night the top of a rocky hill and camera slowly zooms in on the group
      seated around a campfire. Appa can be seen sleeping at the side.)

      Aang: Wow, camping. It really seems like old times again, doesn’t it‌
      Zuko: (Cut to Zuko who breaks a biscuit in half) If you really want to
      feel like old times, I could, uhh… chase you around a while and try to
      capture you.

      (Camera zooms out on the laughing group as Zuko eats his biscuit.)

      Katara: (Cut to a close up side view of Katara who looks down sorely)
      Haha.
      Sokka: (Cut to Sokka and he raises his cup) To Zuko. Who knew after all
      those times he tried to snuff us out, today, he be our hero. (Cut to
      Sokka’s point of view as the rest except Katara raise their cups)
      Toph, Aang, Suki &amp; Sokka: Here, here. (Toph and Aang nudge Zuko with their
      elbows)
      Zuko: (Zuko smiles warmly) I’m touched. I don’t deserve this.
      Katara: (Cut to Katara who glares at him) Yeah, no kidding. (Cut to an
      overhead view of the group as she stands up and leaves)
      Sokka: (raises an eyebrow) What’s with her‌
      Zuko: (stands up) I wish I knew. (He walks off as the others look at him
      quizzically)
      Sokka: What’s with him‌

      (Cut to a side view of the whole scene. Zuko can be seen following Katara
      near the edge of a cliff. Cut to the full moon partially covered by some
      clouds. Cut to the cliff as Katara is seen kneeling and Zuko still walking
      towards her. Cut to Katara who notices Zuko. She gets up and moves away.)

      Zuko: This isn’t fair. (puts both arms out) Everyone else seems to trust
      me now. What is it with you‌ (swipes one arm to the side)
      Katara: (Cut to Katara’s back as she turns around and snaps) Oh, everyone
      trust you know‌ (places hand on chest) I was the first person to trust
      you, remember‌ Back in Ba Sing Se. (points to the ocean) And you turned
      (Cut to Zuko who looks down guiltily) around and betrayed me. Betrayed all
      of us.
      Zuko: (raises head) What can I do to make it up to you‌
      Katara: You really want to know‌ (walks towards Zuko) Hmm, maybe you could
      re-conquer (Cut to Zuko’s unscarred side who looks on speechlessly) Ba
      Sing Se in the name of the Earth King. Or, (Zuko steps back as Katara’s
      head pops into screen) I know. You could bring my mother back.

      (She hits Zuko shoulder with hers as she walks past. Zuko looks back
      sadly. Cut to an overhead view of the cliff as the waves crash at the
      bottom of it. Cut to the tents. Cut to Suki who looks around warily. Zuko
      walks out from the rock between them. They don’t see each other until the
      last minute where they accidentally bump into each other.)

      Suki: (raises her arms and blushes) Opps, wrong tent.
      Zuko: (Suki walks away) Sorry. Do you need to talk to Sokka too‌
      Suki: (still blushing) Nope. (moves her arms in a “No” gesture) Not me.

      (She moves off screen. Cut to the inside of Sokka’s tent as Zuko enters
      with an exaggerated, animated sweat drop expression on his face. Cut to
      Sokka who is lying on his stomach on a mat surrounded by candles that
      exudes a romantic ambience. There’s a bunch of roses hung above him.)

      Sokka: (turns his head with a rose in his mouth) Well, hellooo. (His eyes
      widen as a comical sound effect plays and he swallows the rose. Cut to a
      sideview of the scene as Zuko still has the sweatdrop expression and
      proceeds to sit in front of Sokka) Uh, Zuko. Yes, (sits up) why would
      (chews the flower) I be expecting any one different‌ (He swallows the
      flower with a pained expression and coughs out some petals) So what’s on
      your mind‌
      Zuko: Your sister, she hates me and I don’t know why! But I do care what
      she thinks of me.
      Sokka: Nah, she doesn’t hate you. Katara doesn’t hate anyone. (moves his
      hand across in an arc) Except maybe some people in the Fire Nation. (his
      eyes widen as he realizes what he just said) No, I mean, uh, not people
      who are good but used to be bad. (makes pacifying gestures with his hands)
      I mean, bad people. Fire Nation people who are so bad, who have never been
      good (places his arms in a X shape) and probably won’t be ever! (opens it
      to the side)
      Zuko: (interrupts) Stop. Okay, listen. I know this may seem out of
      nowhere, (Cut to a serious Zuko as the camera slowly zooms in) but I want
      you to tell me what happened to your Mother.
      Sokka: (Cut to a stunned Sokka) What‌ Why would you want to know that‌
      Zuko: Katara mentioned it before when we were imprisoned together in Ba
      Sing Se and again just now when she was yelling at me. I think somehow…
      she’s connected her anger about that to her anger at me.
      Sokka: (looks to the side sadly) It’s not a day I like to remember.

      (Flashback to the blue sky as camera pans down to the village. Young Sokka
      raises his head out from a snow fort. A snowball enters the screen and
      hits his face. Cut to a young Katara who remains in a throwing stance and
      she starts to giggle. Cut to Sokka who heaves a huge snowball as big as
      his body. He prepares to throw it as he looks up. Black snow rains down on
      the village. He drops the snowball at his feet. Cut to an overhead view of
      the siblings as they look up. Camera slowly zooms out to show the other
      villagers starting up as well.)

      Katara: I’m going to find Mum. (She runs past her brother. Sokka runs the
      other direction)
      Sokka: (voiceover) Many of the warriors (Cut to 3 Fire Nation ships
      closing in on the village) have seen the black snow before (Cut to Sokka
      and a few other adult warriors armed with clubs who run towards the ship)
      and they knew what it meant. (Cut to a line of Fire Nation soldiers) A
      Fire Nation raid.

      (The soldiers yell a battle cry. Cut back to the Water Tribe warriors who
      ready themselves. Cut to the bottom of the ship as the soldiers jump off
      their ships into the snow and stand up with their palms on fire. Cut to
      Hakoda and some other warriors who yell a battle cry as well and charge.
      Cut to the charging Fire Nation soldiers. Cut to Sokka who looks on behind
      the safety of another snow fort.)

      Sokka: (Cut to the soldiers and warriors who begin to fight) We were badly
      outnumbered. (The warriors throw the soldiers off their feet before they
      start to firebend) But somehow, we managed to drive them off. (Cut to a
      soldier being thrown towards the place Sokka is hiding. His head gets
      snuck in the snow. Sokka throws snow on his back and uses the soldier’s
      back as a stool to reach the ground. Cut to a boomerang on the ground as
      Sokka picks it up. He runs towards the ship but stops. The other warriors
      in the background stop as well.) As quickly as they came, (Cut to a back
      view of Sokka as the soldiers run back to their ships) they just left.
      (Cut back to Sokka who throws his boomerang. Fade back to present day
      Sokka.) I was so relieved when it was over but, that’s because I didn’t
      know yet what have happened. (He lowers his head and composes himself) I
      didn’t know we lost our Mother.
      Zuko: Wait. Can you remember any details about the soldiers who raided
      your village‌ Like, what the lead ship looked like‌
      Sokka: (Cut to Sokka as he thinks) Yeah… (Flashback to 3 red Fire Nation
      flags with raven symbols on them) Sea Ravens. The main ship had flags with
      sea ravens on them. (Cut to present day Zuko)
      Zuko: The symbol of The Southern Raiders. Thanks, Sokka.
      Sokka: No problem. (places an arm around Zuko’s shoulder) Thanks for
      stopping by. (pushes the tent opening aside and shoves Zuko out and sighs)
      Thought he never leave. (hopeful, optimistic music plays as Sokka smiles
      and rubs his hands together and pushes the tent opening aside. Cut to the
      outside of the tent as his head pops out) Suki.

      (Camera zooms out to show Zuko still outside his tent. Sokka looks at him
      and whistles as he retreats back into his tent. Zuko storms off. Scene
      changes to morning. Cut to Katara coming out of her tent. She looks at
      something in front of her tent and frowns. Cut to show Zuko sitting on a
      rock in front of her tent. He looks up sleepily.)

      Katara: (Cut to a side view of the scene) You look terrible. (She ignores
      him and rummages through her bag)
      Zuko: (stands up and rubs his eyes) I waited out here all night. (Katara
      proceeds to comb her hair)
      Katara: What do you want‌
      Zuko: (Cut to a close up of Katara with Zuko behind her) I know who killed
      your Mother. (she widens her eyes and stops combing) I’m going to help you
      find him.

      (Cut to the back of Katara’s head as she turns around with a shocked look
      on her face. The expression changes to seriousness. Camera slowly zooms in
      on her face. Cut to commercial break.)

      Act II

      (Scene returns to an overhead view of Appa who seems to be grazing. Cut to
      Sokka who is fiddling with a necklace of flowers.)

      Katara: I need to borrow Appa.

      (Zuko follows behind her with his bag.)

      Aang: (feeding Appa hay) Why‌ Is it your turn to take a little fieldtrip
      with Zuko‌
      Katara: Yes, it is.
      Aang: (Cut to Aang who is surprised) Oh. What’s going on‌
      Katara: We’re going to find the man who took my Mother from me.

      (Cut to a surprised Sokka as he lays the necklace aside and stands up.)

      Zuko: (off screen) Sokka told me the story of what happened. I know who
      did it. And I know how to find him.
      Aang: Umm… and what exactly do you think this would accomplish‌
      Katara: (sighs and shakes her head) I knew you wouldn’t understand. (She
      begins to walk away)
      Aang: (Cut to a close up of Katara as Aang and Sokka look on behind her)
      Wait, stop, I do understand. You’re feeling unbelievable pain and rage.
      How do you think I felt about the sandbenders when they stole Appa‌ How do
      you think I felt about the Fire Nation when I found out what happened to
      my people‌
      Zuko: (off screen) She needs this, (everyone turn their eyes towards him)
      Aang. This is about getting closure and justice.
      Aang: I don’t think so. I think it’s about getting revenge.
      Katara: (off screen) Fine! (Cut to an angry and frustrated Katara) Maybe
      it is. Maybe that’s what I need. Maybe that’s what he deserves.
      Aang: Katara, you sound like Jet.
      Katara: (defensively) It’s not the same. Jet attacked the innocent. This
      man, he’s a monster.
      Sokka: Katara, she was my Mother too. But I think Aang might be right.
      Katara: Then you didn’t love her the way I did.
      Sokka: (speechless) Katara…
      Aang: The monks used to say that revenge is like a two-headed ratviper.
      While you watch your enemy go down, you’re being poisoned yourself.
      Zuko: That’s cute. But this isn’t air temple pre-school. It’s the real
      World.
      Katara: (Camera zooms out to place Katara on screen) Now that I know he’s
      out there, now that I know we could find him, I feel like I have no
      choice.
      Aang: Katara, you do have a choice. Forgiveness.
      Zuko: That’s the same as doing nothing.
      Aang: (shakes head) No it’s not. It’s easy to do nothing. (Camera slowly
      zooms in) But it’s hard to forgive.
      Katara: (Cut to Katara who looks on darkly) It’s not just hard, it’s
      impossible.

      (She turns and walks away. Cut to an overhead shot of the scene as Zuko
      follows after her. Cut to nighttime and camera pans down from the Moon to
      the campsite. Cut to Katara in a black ninja-like outfit tying her hair.
      Aang &amp; Sokka can be seen peering out from a rock behind her.)

      Aang: (Aang &amp; Sokka climb over the rock) So you were just going to take
      Appa anyway‌
      Katara: Yes.
      Aang: It’s okay, because I forgive you. (smiles hopefully) That give you
      any ideas‌
      Katara: (Cut to a side view of the scene. Zuko is also wearing the same
      outfit as Katara and is packing his bag.) Don’t try to stop us.
      Aang: I wasn’t planning to. This is a journey you need to take. You need
      to face this man. (Katara nods and she climbs on Appa’s horn to his head)
      But when you do, please don’t choose revenge. (Zuko throws his bag into
      the saddle) Let your anger out and then let it go. Forgive him.
      Zuko: (Cut to Zuko who appears to be tired of his preaching) Okay, we’ll
      be sure to do that guru-goody-goody. (He climbs aboard Appa)
      Katara: (Cut to Katara looking down at Aang from Appa’s head) Thanks for
      understanding Aang. Yip yip. (Appa takes off. Cut back to an area behind
      the guys as they look up at the departing bison)
      Sokka: You know, you’re pretty wise for a kid.
      Aang: Thanks, Sokka.
      Sokka: Usually it’s annoying but right now, I’m just impressed.
      Aang: (narrows his eyes) I appreciate that.
      Sokka: So… can I borrow Momo for a week‌
      Aang: (turns his head towards Sokka rapidly) Why do you need Momo‌

      (Sokka shrugs and makes an “I don’t know” noise. Cut to Katara on Appa.
      Cut to a side view of Appa flying past the Moon.)

      Zuko: (off screen) We need to find the Fire Navy communication tower. (Cut
      to Zuko leaning on the saddle) All the navy’s movements are coordinated by
      messenger hawk. And every tower has to be up to date on where everyone is
      deployed.
      Katara: (off screen) So once (Cut to a communication tower in the middle
      of the ocean as the building slowly becomes bigger as they near it) we
      find the communication tower, we bust in and take the information we need.

      Zuko: (off screen) Not exactly. (Appa flies into screen just above the
      water and it airbends with its tail to propel it forward. It displaces
      some water below.) We need to be stealthy (Cut to the communication tower
      as camera pans down to show the whole building structure and a bunch of
      rocks below) and make sure no one spots us. Otherwise, (Appa flies into
      screen and lands) they’ll warn The Southern Raiders. Long before we reach
      them.

      (Cut to the rocks as Katara and Zuko run out from behind them. She
      waterbends the water into a raft of ice and both of them jump on it. She
      proceeds to surf the raft. Cut to a side view of the scene as she creates
      a tall wave to bring the raft up to the tower and they jump off. Cut to a
      corridor of the tower as a door opens and 2 guards walk out. Cut to an
      overhead view of the guards as Katara and Zuko quickly sneak pass.

      Cut to the back view of another guard writing at a desk. Camera slowly
      zooms out to show some gratings. Cut to Zuko and Katara looking through
      the gratings. Katara makes some waterbending movements. Cut to the guard’s
      hand holding the paintbrush as the dish of ink spills onto her hand and
      the table. Cut to a close up of the guard who looks at her stained hands
      and leaves the table and room. Cut back to the duo in the air duct looking
      at the guard leave. Cut to Zuko and Katara in front of a shelf.)

      Zuko: Okay, Southern Raiders. (He pulls out a black scroll and unrolls it
      on a table. It’s a map a mountain terrain with 3 flags placed along some
      points in an inverted triangle.) There. (His finger points to the flag on
      the top right) On patrol near Whale Tail Island.
      Katara: (Cut to Katara who furrows her brows in seriousness) Whale Tail
      Island, here we come.

      (Fade to an overhead shot of Appa flying at day time. Cut to a sleeping
      Zuko in the saddle as he wakes up and looks up at Katara.)

      Zuko: (Cut to a front shot of Katara with black circles under her eyes and
      holding Appa’s reins tightly) You should get some rest. We’ll be there in
      a few hours. You’ll need all your strength.
      Katara: Now, don’t you worry about my strength. I have plenty. (Cut to a
      side view of Katara) I’m not the helpless little girl I was when they
      came.

      (Camera pans to the right and fades back to the Water Tribe siblings
      looking up at the black snow.)

      Katara: I’m going to find Mum.

      (She runs past her brother just like in Sokka’s flashback. Cut to an
      overhead view of the scene as several people run deeper into the village.
      Cut to Katara who runs back in as warriors run past her. Cut to the inside
      of a hut as the curtain is pushed aside by Katara.)

      Katara: Mum!

      (Cut to an area behind Katara’s shoulder as Katara’s mother is almost on
      her knees on the ground in front of a Fire Nation soldier. The soldier
      turns back and looks at Katara. Camera zooms in on Katara’s face as her
      eyes almost tear up.)

      Katara’s Mum: (off screen) Just let her go and (Cut to Katara’s Mum who
      pleads) I’ll give you the information you want.
      Fire Nation soldier: (Camera pans up to the soldier) You heard your
      Mother, get out of here!
      Katara: (Cut to an area behind her Mother’s shoulder as Katara looks on,
      frightened) Mum, I’m scared.
      Katara’s Mum: (assuringly) Go find your Dad, sweetie. I’ll handle this.

      (Cut to a reluctant Katara who looks at the soldier. Cut to the soldier
      who stares down at her fiercely. Camera zooms in on the soldier’s dark
      brown eye. Cut back to Katara who pushes the curtains aside and runs out
      of the house.)

      Katara: (Cut to a desperate Katara running in the snow) I ran as fast as I
      could.

      (She stops at the edge of a small hill and looks down.)

      Katara: (shouts) Dad! Dad! (Camera pans down to show Hakoda throwing a
      firebending soldier hard into the snow.) Please, I think Mum’s in trouble!
      There’s a man in our house.

      (Hakoda lets go of the soldier immediately)

      Hakoda: Kya!

      (He runs off. Cut to Katara and Hakoda’s backs as the run back to their
      home. Camera zooms in on the curtain as Hakoda’s gloved hand pushes the
      curtain aside. Camera fades to white and returns back to present day
      Katara.)

      Katara: But, we were too late. When we got there, the man was gone. (voice
      cracks slightly) And so was she.
      Zuko: (Cut to a sorrowful Zuko) Your Mother was a brave woman.
      Katara: (Cut to a front shot of Katara as she touches her necklace) I
      know.

      (Cut to a side view of Appa flying. Cut to an overhead shot of Appa flying
      at night. Zuko has taken over the reins and Katara is sleeping in the
      saddle. Cut to Zuko looking through a telescope.)

      Zuko: There! (Katara’s head pops up from the saddle) See those Sea Raven
      flags‌ (He throws the telescope to Katara. Cut to the inside of the
      telescope looking at a lone ship in the ocean. Cut to the Sea Raven flag.)
      It’s The Southern Raiders.
      Katara: (Cut to Katara bringing down the telescope) Let’s do this.

      (Cut to a side view of the ship as Appa comes into screen and enters the
      water. Cut to underwater with Appa having air bubble on his head. Cut to
      the under side of the boat as Appa swims to it. Cut to Katara
      waterbending. Cut to a group of Fire Nation soldiers gossiping idly on the
      deck.)

      Soldier: So there I was and I was like, you know, you could…

      (A stream of water coils round the guard and the others look on, stunned.
      He gets pulled into the water with a scream. The other soldiers run to the
      side of the ship to look. Cut back to underwater as Appa swims up to the
      other side of the ship. Cut to the surface of the water as Katara breaks
      through the surface first, followed shortly by Appa and Zuko.

      Cut to a frontal shot of Appa as Katara waterbends to huge waves on both
      sides and sends it toward the ship. Cut to one of the soldiers hearing the
      noise and looking back. He grabs a neighbouring soldier’s shoulder. Cut to
      a front shot of the ship as the wave slowly closes in. Cut to the deck as
      the soldiers get hit by the wave and are thrown into the ocean. Cut to the
      frontal shot of the ship again as Appa is seen flying onto the deck.

      Cut to a lone soldier who managed to stay on deck as he stands up by
      holding the side of the ship. Appa lands noisily and he turns back. Cut to
      a close up side view shot of a charging Katara. She has tears in her eyes.
      Cut to soldier who firebends and is thrown overboard into the ocean by a
      tunnel of water. Cut to the water surface as the soldiers in the water
      look at the last remaining soldier on deck entering the water.

      Cut to the corridor of the ship as the door opens and the duo rush in.
      Katara has bended water around her arms. A door opens and a soldier
      brandishing a sword pops out. Zuko grabs the soldier’s arm and holds onto
      the sword as he pushes the soldier back into the storeroom. Cut to Zuko’s
      point of view as the soldier hits a pile of stuff. His hand comes into
      screen and he closes the door and slides the sword in between the handles.
      Cut to Katara waiting for Zuko as they head deeper into the corridor. Cut
      to the floorboard and it pans up to a door and they stop in front of it.)

      Zuko: This is it, Katara. Are you ready to face him‌

      (Cut to Katara as she pulls down her mask. Camera zooms out and Katara
      turns on the spot and bends the water towards the camera with a battle
      cry. Cut to commercial break.)

      Act III

      (Scene returns to the other side of the door. Water seeps through the
      sides and the door bursts open to reveal Katara. Zuko enters the room
      quickly to dissipate some flames that enters the screen. Cut to show the
      assailant firebending at Zuko to no avail. Zuko sends a shot at the
      Captain’s feet and the Captain jumps back towards the steering wheel. Cut
      to a close up of the Captain as he stares down at the blast.)

      Captain: Who are you‌
      Zuko: (Cut to Zuko remaining in a stance and Katara looking on vehemently
      behind him) You don’t remember her‌ You will soon. Trust me.

      (Zuko firebends again. Cut to the Captain who moves to the side and breaks
      the flame. He proceeds to bend. Cut to a close up of the Captain with his
      arm out stretched. His arm starts to shake uncontrollably.)

      Captain: What‌ (Zoom out on the Captain as his arm moves around wildly. He
      struggles and groans as he tries to contain it with his other arm. His arm
      drops to the floor and his body bends forward. His helmet falls off his
      head.) What’s happening to me‌

      (Cut to a close up of Katara in a bloodbending stance, smiling. Camera
      zooms out to show Katara bringing down her arms and the Captain’s body is
      brought to the floor. Cut to Zuko who is shocked at Katara’s technique.
      Zoom out on the scene again as he narrows his eyes and looks down at the
      Captain.)

      Zuko: Think back. Think back to your last raid on the Southern Water
      Tribe.
      Captain: (Cut to the Captain who lays huddled on the floor) I don’t know
      what you’re talking about. Please, I don’t know!
      Zuko: (Camera zooms out to show Zuko kneeling near the Captain’s head)
      Don’t lie! You look her (points back to Katara) in the eye and you tell me
      you don’t remember what you did.

      (Cut to Katara who brings her arms up. Cut back to the Captain who is
      brought up to his knees. He looks back, frightened. Cut to a visibly angry
      Katara. Cut back to the scared Captain as his eyes shine in fear. Camera
      zooms in on the Captain’s light brown eye. Cut back to Katara as her face
      softens in realization.)

      Katara: (eyes widen in shock) It’s not him. (Zoom out on the scene as
      Katara drops her hands. The Captain falls back to the floor. Cut back to
      Katara who looks back, somberly) He’s not the man.
      Zuko: (Cut back to Zuko) What‌! What do you mean he’s not‌ He’s a leader
      of The Southern Raiders! (The Captains stirs behind him) He has to be the
      guy!

      (Cut to Katara who turns and walks away. Cut back to the Captain as he
      struggles to his feet. Zuko pulls him by the arm and pushes him against
      the window in an arm lock.)

      Zuko: If you’re not the man we’re looking for, who is‌
      Captain: (Cut back to the Captain’s face pressed up against the glass) You
      must be looking for Yon Rha. He retired 4 years ago.

      (Zuko turns his head and camera pans to a retreating Katara. Cut to a
      close up of Katara’s determined face as her eyes brim with tears. Scene
      changes to a valley with a house in the distance. Cut to a hand with a
      small hoe loosening the soil. Camera zooms out to reveal a man with
      graying hair kneeling on the dirt. Cut to a close up of the man as an
      elderly lady appears at the doorway in the house behind him.)

      Old Lady: Yon Rha, you lazy piece of work, I need something.
      Yon Rha: (stops his work and attempts to placate) Yes Mother, what is it‌
      Yon Rha’s Mother: The tomato-carrot from your garden are too hard for my
      gums. I need something soft and juicy.
      Yon Rha: (Cut to an area behind his Mother’s hand looking at Yon Rha’s
      back as he turns to face his Mum) Would you like something else from the
      garden‌ I would be happy to…
      Yon Rha’s Mother: (her fists clenches and she interrupts) Forget your
      stupid garden! (Cut to a close up of his Mother who yells at him,
      irritatingly) Get your grimy hind to the market and buy me some real food!

      (Cut to the flower bed as Yon Rha stands up. Cut to the back view of Yon
      Rha as he walks towards the town’s entrance. Cut to some vegetables on
      display at a stall. Yon Rha enters the screen and picks out some food and
      places them in his basket. Cut to the inside of the house opposite the
      stall looking at Yon Rha. The wind chime in the window moves. Cut to Yon
      Rha who notices the chiming tune and turns towards the house. Cut to
      someone inside the house as he ducks down to avoid behind seen.)

      Yon Rha: (Cut back to Yon Rha who looks on quizzically) Hello‌ (He turns
      to the stall owner) Did you see someone‌

      (The owner shakes his head. Cut to some houses on the slope. Camera pans
      down to some steps cut into the hill. Cut to a close up of Yon Rha as he
      walks down the steps. His eyes shift from side to side. Yon Rha stops and
      looks up.)

      Yon Rha: Hello‌ (Cut to an area above Yon Rha as the camera pans down to
      show a person hiding away to avoid being spotted) Is someone there‌

      (Cut back to Yon Rha who frowns and walks on. Cut to Zuko and Katara who
      pop their heads up from their hiding spot.)

      Katara: That was him. (Cut to Katara’s eyes as they shine with hate) That
      was the monster.

      (Cut to the ground as rain falls and the ground gets soaked. Camera pans
      up to show Yon Rha walking in the rain. Cut to the back view of Yon Rha as
      he turns around swiftly. He walks on. Cut to a side view of Yon Rha’s
      face. His eye looks behind and he stops. Cut to the back view of Yon Rha
      again.)

      Yon Rha: Nobody sneaks up on me (he drops his basket, turns and firebends)
      without being burned.

      (Cut to a bush as a stream of fire enters the screen, setting it on fire.
      Cut back to Yon Rha as he loosens his stance and picks up his fallen
      groceries. Cut to a close up side view of Yon Rha as looks back. Camera
      pans down to a trip wire on the ground as he walks on. His legs gets
      caught in the fire and he falls down, face first into a puddle of water.
      Fire enters the screen and Yon Rha quickly moves backwards. He looks up.
      Cut to Zuko’s boot as the camera pans up to reveal Zuko in a firebending
      stance.)

      Zuko: We weren’t behind the bush. (Cut to a side view of the confrontation
      as Zuko takes a step forward to threaten Yon Rha.) And I wouldn’t try
      firebending again.
      Yon Rha: (Cut to Yon Rha on the ground with his arm shielding his face)
      Whoever you are, take my money. Take whatever you want, I’ll cooperate.

      (Cut to an area behind Yon Rha as Katara walks in behind Zuko. Cut to a
      close up of Katara as she pulls down her face mask.)

      Katara: Do you know who I am‌
      Yon Rha: (Cut back to Yon Rha) No, (his eyes widen in fear) I’m not sure.
      Katara: Oh you better remember me like your life depends on it! (Yon Rha
      places his arm in front of his face) Why don’t you take a closer look.
      Yon Rha: Yes, yes. I remember you now. (Cut back to Katara) You’re the
      little Water Tribe girl.

      (A flash of lightning darkens Katara’s face and the screen turns to white
      and fades back to young Katara who has just entered her house.)

      Kya: (off screen) Just let her go and (Camera zooms out to show Kya
      kneeling on the floor in front of Yon Rha) I’ll give you the information
      you want.
      Yon Rha: (Cut to Yon Rha looking down at Katara) You heard your Mother,
      get out of here!
      Katara: (Katara holds her hands together) Mum, I’m scared.
      Kya: (Cut back to Kya) Go find your Dad, sweetie. I’ll handle this.

      (Cut to the outside of the house as Katara pushes the curtain aside and
      runs out. The curtain parts open widely to show Yon Rha and Kya looking on
      at the fleeing girl.)

      Yon Rha: (Cut back to the inside of the house) Now, tell me. Who is it‌
      Who’s the waterbender‌
      Kya: There are no waterbenders here. (frowns) The Fire Nation took them
      all away a long time ago.
      Yon Rha: (Cut to Kya’s point of view as she looks up at Yon Rha) You’re
      lying. Be source says there’s one waterbender left in The Southern Water
      Tribe. (Yon Rha walks closer) We’re not leaving until we find the
      waterbender.
      Kya: (Cut to Kya) If I tell you, do you promise (she lowers her head and
      closes her eyes to make a decision) to leave the rest of the village
      alone‌ (Cut to a side view of Yon Rha as he nods his head and makes a
      “Hmm” sound.) It’s me. (Cut to Kya who looks up) Take me as your prisoner.

      Yon Rha: (Cut to a close up of Yon Rha who smiles evilly) I’m afraid I’m
      not taking prisoners today.

      (Fade to present day Yon Rha who gulps. Cut to a side view of the scene.
      Lightning lights up the sky once again.)

      Katara: She lied to you. (Cut to a close up of Katara as she closes her
      eyes sadly) She was protecting the last waterbender.
      Yon Rha: (surprised) What‌ Who‌
      Katara: (Cut back to Katara who opens her eyes and looks back furiously)
      ME!

      (Camera zooms out as Katara brings out her arms. Rain drops get suspended
      in the air immediately.. Cut to Yon Rha who looks on, dumbfounded. Cut to
      Zuko as he looks up at the accumulating rain drops and pulls down his face
      mask. Camera zooms out to show a rapidly increasing dome of water over
      them. Cut back to Katara. She moves her arms around and the water gets
      bended in a huge blob and she lets out a battle cry as she directs the
      water towards Yon Rha. Cut to the water as they turn into ice spikes. Cut
      to Yon Rha as the camera rapidly zooms in on him. He shields himself with
      his arms and lets out a cowering noise. He brings his arms down and he
      looks up.

      Cut to a side view of Yon Rha as the ice spikes pause inches in front of
      him. A couple of ice spikes puncture the ground beside him. Camera slowly
      pans out to show the hovering mass of ice spikes. Cut to Katara who lowers
      her hands. Cut back to Yon Rha who covers his head as the spikes turn into
      water and fall to the ground.)

      Yon Rha: (Cut to a side view of Yon Rha as he kneels) I did a bad thing. I
      know I did and you deserve revenge. So why don’t you take my Mother‌ That
      would be fair.
      Katara: (Cut to Katara who looks on, pityingly) I always wonder what kind
      of person could do such a thing. But now that I see you, I think I
      understand. (She walks forward) There’s just nothing inside you. Nothing
      at all. You’re pathetic and sad and empty.
      Yon Rha: (Cut to Yon Rha as he pleads) Please spare me.
      Katara: (Cut to a visibly angry Katara) But as much as I hate you… (Her
      eyes start to shimmer with emotion) I just can’t do it.

      (She closes her eyes as she controls her feelings. Cut to Yon Rha who
      cowers and smiles weakly on the spot. Cut to a side view of Katara as Zuko
      walks into screen, looking at Katara as she walks off. He looks at Yon
      Rha. Cut to Yon Rha who lowers his head in shame. Cut back to Zuko who
      turns back to follow Katara as Yon Rha cowers out loud off screen. Cut to
      Yon Rha and his fallen vegetables as he continues to sob.

      Cut to Fire Lord Ozai’s beach house in Ember Island. Camera slowly zooms
      in on the port. Cut to the port as Katara sits near the edge. Appa flies
      into screen. Cut to a close up of Katara’s shoes as she kicks the water.
      Camera pans up to show Katara with her eyes closed. Cut to a frontal shot
      of Katara as she opens her eyes and stares into the distance sadly. The
      sound of rapid running is heard.)

      Aang: (off screen) Katara! (Camera pans up to show Aang and Zuko
      approaching her) Are you okay‌
      Katara: (Cut to Katara’s back) I’m doing fine.
      Aang: (Cut to a frontal shot of Katara with the boys behind her as the
      camera pans up) Zuko told me what you did. (He rubs his head) Or… what you
      didn’t do, I guess. I’m proud of you.
      Katara: I wanted to do it. I wanted to take out all my anger at him but, I
      couldn’t. (closes her eyes sadly) I don’t know if it’s because I’m too
      weak to do it or if it’s because I’m strong enough not to.
      Aang: (off screen) You did the right thing. (Cut to a side view of the
      port) Forgiveness is the first step you have to take to begin healing.
      (Katara stands up and walks towards Aang)
      Katara: (Cut to a frontal shot of a serious and still angry Katara) But I
      didn’t forgive him. I’ll never forgive him. (Her face softens as she looks
      up at Zuko) But I am (Camera pans to show Zuko’s back as Aang turns his
      head towards his teacher) ready to forgive you.

      (Cut to a side view of Zuko as Katara walks into screen. She pauses and
      then throws herself into Zuko’s arms in a hug. They part after a while as
      she lays a hand on Zuko’s shoulder in a gesture of thanks and walks off.
      Zuko turns and looks on. Cut to Katara’s back as she walks towards Appa.
      Sokka is seen waiting for his sister at the side of the bison.)

      Zuko: (off screen) You were right about what Katara needed. (Cut to Zuko
      and Aang who smiles) Violence wasn’t the answer.
      Aang: It never is.

      Zuko: Then I have a question for you. (He turns towards Aang and camera
      cuts to a close up of Zuko) What are you going to do when you face my
      Father‌

      (Cut to Aang who is stunned at the question and looks to the side, unsure
      and confused. Fade to white.)

      [End Credits]
</pre>

## 中文

<pre class="script">
第十六回
南方突袭团

26
00:02:08,340 --&gt; 00:02:09,253
小心！

27
00:02:11,000 --&gt; 00:02:12,184
你要干嘛？

28
00:02:12,255 --&gt; 00:02:13,954
刚才那块石头差点就砸到你了

29
00:02:13,954 --&gt; 00:02:16,949
好吧，我现在好好的，你能离我远点了吧

30
00:02:16,949 --&gt; 00:02:19,519
就当你是感谢过我了

31
00:02:21,523 --&gt; 00:02:24,213
快来，咱们从这儿撤吧

32
00:02:26,278 --&gt; 00:02:28,060
你还愣在那儿干嘛？

33
00:02:28,060 --&gt; 00:02:30,295
你们先走，我去拖住他们

34
00:02:30,295 --&gt; 00:02:32,481
看来是有家人来访了

35
00:02:32,481 --&gt; 00:02:34,270
祖寇，别去！

36
00:02:34,270 --&gt; 00:02:36,543
快点，咱们得赶快离开这儿

37
00:02:51,440 --&gt; 00:02:52,954
你来这儿干什么？

38
00:02:53,161 --&gt; 00:02:55,501
这还用问吗？

39
00:02:55,501 --&gt; 00:02:59,518
马上我就要成为烈火王唯一的
继承人了，跟我一起庆祝吧

40
00:03:33,635 --&gt; 00:03:36,655
我没办法让阿柏进去
他最讨厌隧道了

41
00:03:36,655 --&gt; 00:03:39,902
安昂，咱们没机会飞着逃出这里

42
00:03:39,902 --&gt; 00:03:41,851
没机会创造机会也要上

43
00:03:41,851 --&gt; 00:03:43,678
咱们得分头行动

44
00:03:43,678 --&gt; 00:03:46,508
你们走隧道，乘那个偷来的气艇快走

45
00:03:47,665 --&gt; 00:03:51,585
不行，不能再让火宗把我和家人分开了

46
00:03:51,585 --&gt; 00:03:54,562
没关系的，咱们不久之后就能会合的

47
00:04:10,000 --&gt; 00:04:12,833
我可以清出一条通道，咱们就能飞出去了

48
00:04:12,833 --&gt; 00:04:16,492
嗯，外面的火力好像还不小呢吧

49
00:04:16,492 --&gt; 00:04:19,379
我们一定能冲过去的，咱们走

50
00:05:35,179 --&gt; 00:05:37,191
看来她这回是要玩完了？

51
00:05:42,753 --&gt; 00:05:44,514
是啊，她要是挂了才怪呢

52
00:05:52,822 --&gt; 00:05:56,822
大家一起露营，感觉又回到了从前似的，不是吗？

53
00:05:56,878 --&gt; 00:05:59,522
你不会真的想回到从前吧...

54
00:05:59,522 --&gt; 00:06:02,938
那我就继续费劲心思满世界追你们吧

55
00:06:04,314 --&gt; 00:06:06,218
哈...哈...

56
00:06:07,790 --&gt; 00:06:08,715
敬祖寇

57
00:06:08,715 --&gt; 00:06:13,435
谁能料到过去一直在追杀我们坏蛋
今天居然成为了一位英雄

58
00:06:13,435 --&gt; 00:06:15,370
干了，干了

59
00:06:16,142 --&gt; 00:06:18,989
我好感动啊，我不值得你们为我这样

60
00:06:18,989 --&gt; 00:06:20,620
是啊，可不是嘛

61
00:06:22,008 --&gt; 00:06:23,944
她这是怎么了？

62
00:06:23,944 --&gt; 00:06:25,141
希望我能知道答案

63
00:06:27,711 --&gt; 00:06:29,034
他又咋的了？

64
00:06:35,370 --&gt; 00:06:36,817
这太不公平了

65
00:06:36,817 --&gt; 00:06:40,520
大家现在都开始信任我了，你有什么不满意的吗？

66
00:06:40,520 --&gt; 00:06:44,779
大家现在都信任你了？
我可是第一个信任你的人，想起来了吗?

67
00:06:44,779 --&gt; 00:06:48,594
那时在永固城，你居然反过来背叛了我

68
00:06:48,594 --&gt; 00:06:49,942
背叛了我们大家

69
00:06:49,942 --&gt; 00:06:52,367
我做什么可以补偿你呢？

70
00:06:52,367 --&gt; 00:06:54,144
你真想知道吗？

71
00:06:54,144 --&gt; 00:06:58,215
也许你可以为土强王把永固城从火宗手里抢回来

72
00:06:58,215 --&gt; 00:07:01,303
要不然就让我的母亲起死回生

73
00:07:10,017 --&gt; 00:07:11,103
糟糕

74
00:07:11,103 --&gt; 00:07:12,215
我走错帐篷了

75
00:07:12,215 --&gt; 00:07:14,844
抱歉，你也想和索卡聊聊的，对吧

76
00:07:14,844 --&gt; 00:07:16,981
没，哪有啊...

77
00:07:20,400 --&gt; 00:07:22,822
哎呦，你咋才来呢么~~~

78
00:07:24,880 --&gt; 00:07:27,954
是祖寇啊，我没在等其他人呢
（鬼才信呢 _ _U）

79
00:07:30,247 --&gt; 00:07:31,651
你来有啥事啊？

80
00:07:31,651 --&gt; 00:07:34,061
你妹妹她记恨我

81
00:07:34,061 --&gt; 00:07:35,579
我不知道为什么

82
00:07:35,579 --&gt; 00:07:37,521
不过我很在乎她对我的看法
（导演又在误导大家了）

83
00:07:37,521 --&gt; 00:07:41,360
不会的，卡塔拉不恨你，她从没记恨过谁

84
00:07:41,360 --&gt; 00:07:43,546
除了一个火宗的人

85
00:07:44,293 --&gt; 00:07:49,078
不，她不会恨改过自新的人的，她只恨那些坏蛋

86
00:07:49,138 --&gt; 00:07:52,592
她只恨那些还坏着，并一直要坏下去的火宗人

87
00:07:52,596 --&gt; 00:07:53,548
别说了

88
00:07:53,548 --&gt; 00:07:58,274
好吧，听我说，恕我无礼

89
00:07:58,274 --&gt; 00:08:00,807
我想知道你的母亲究竟怎么了

90
00:08:00,807 --&gt; 00:08:03,387
什么？你为什么要知道这个?

91
00:08:03,387 --&gt; 00:08:06,647
我们在永固城被囚禁的时候，她曾经跟我提起过

92
00:08:06,647 --&gt; 00:08:09,780
她刚才还因为那件事对我发脾气

93
00:08:09,780 --&gt; 00:08:15,452
我想她因为那件事迁怒于我

94
00:08:16,500 --&gt; 00:08:18,904
那天所发生的事我永远也不愿再想起

95
00:08:33,341 --&gt; 00:08:34,822
我去找妈妈

96
00:08:37,500 --&gt; 00:08:42,769
很多勇士之前都见过“黑雪”
所以他们知道这意味着什么...

97
00:08:42,769 --&gt; 00:08:45,027
——火宗人又来突袭了

98
00:08:55,110 --&gt; 00:08:59,585
很明显敌众我寡，没想到我们居然成功的将他们赶走了

99
00:09:03,132 --&gt; 00:09:07,601
他们匆匆的离开了，正如他们匆匆的来

100
00:09:09,501 --&gt; 00:09:12,052
他们走后，我长舒了一口气，可是...

101
00:09:12,541 --&gt; 00:09:14,632
那是因为我并不知道他们来的真正目的是什么

102
00:09:15,270 --&gt; 00:09:17,178
我不知道我们失去母亲

103
00:09:17,178 --&gt; 00:09:21,845
等等，你还能记得那支
袭击你们部落的火宗部队的特征吗？

104
00:09:21,845 --&gt; 00:09:24,578
比如，他们的旗帜是什么样的

105
00:09:24,578 --&gt; 00:09:26,684
想起来了，是“海鸦”图案

106
00:09:26,684 --&gt; 00:09:29,737
主舰所挂的旗帜上有海鸦的图案

107
00:09:29,737 --&gt; 00:09:32,121
那应该是“南方突袭团”没错了

108
00:09:32,121 --&gt; 00:09:33,749
多谢你了，索卡

109
00:09:33,749 --&gt; 00:09:37,361
客气嘛，常来玩啊

110
00:09:38,066 --&gt; 00:09:40,033
真是个粘屁股

111
00:09:41,969 --&gt; 00:09:43,610
苏琪~

112
00:09:54,924 --&gt; 00:09:56,452
你看起来糟透了

113
00:09:56,509 --&gt; 00:09:59,139
我一宿没睡，一直在这儿等你来着

114
00:09:59,139 --&gt; 00:10:00,028
你想干嘛？

115
00:10:00,028 --&gt; 00:10:01,953
我知道是谁杀了你的母亲

116
00:10:01,953 --&gt; 00:10:03,986
我会帮你找到他的

117
00:10:11,675 --&gt; 00:10:13,246
我要借阿柏一用

118
00:10:13,246 --&gt; 00:10:17,249
为啥？是该轮到你和祖寇去实地考察了吗？

119
00:10:17,249 --&gt; 00:10:19,022
是啊，没错

120
00:10:19,022 --&gt; 00:10:22,481
哦，到底怎么了？

121
00:10:22,481 --&gt; 00:10:24,997
我要去找杀害我母亲的凶手算账

122
00:10:25,530 --&gt; 00:10:27,820
索卡跟我讲了关于她母亲的事

123
00:10:27,820 --&gt; 00:10:30,723
我知道是谁干的
我知道他们在哪儿

124
00:10:30,820 --&gt; 00:10:33,929
那找到他们之后你想怎么办？

125
00:10:33,929 --&gt; 00:10:37,373
我就知道你不会明白的

126
00:10:37,677 --&gt; 00:10:40,295
且慢，站住，我了解你的感受

127
00:10:40,295 --&gt; 00:10:43,222
你的心现在正徘徊于痛苦的边缘（好耳熟）

128
00:10:43,290 --&gt; 00:10:46,888
在御砂者偷走阿柏的时候，我也有同样的感受

129
00:10:46,888 --&gt; 00:10:51,077
当我发现火宗对我们气宗的所作所为之后
我的心中也是无比的悲痛

130
00:10:51,217 --&gt; 00:10:55,542
安昂，她必须去，事情不能就这么不了了之
那个人需要得到公正的裁决

131
00:10:55,542 --&gt; 00:10:56,774
我可不这么想

132
00:10:56,774 --&gt; 00:10:58,446
她只是想复仇罢了

133
00:10:58,446 --&gt; 00:11:01,677
没错，也许复仇正是我所需要的

134
00:11:01,912 --&gt; 00:11:03,615
那是他咎由自取

135
00:11:03,927 --&gt; 00:11:06,120
卡塔拉，你怎么变得像 杰 一样了

136
00:11:06,120 --&gt; 00:11:07,265
我和他可不一样

137
00:11:07,265 --&gt; 00:11:09,223
我不会像他那样去袭击无辜的百姓

138
00:11:09,223 --&gt; 00:11:11,199
我要对付的是个无恶不做的坏蛋

139
00:11:11,301 --&gt; 00:11:15,720
卡塔拉，我也很爱母亲
不过我认为安昂说得在理

140
00:11:15,720 --&gt; 00:11:19,106
-那你肯定不像我那么爱她！  -卡塔拉

141
00:11:20,315 --&gt; 00:11:24,084
长老们常说复仇就像一柄双刃剑

142
00:11:24,587 --&gt; 00:11:28,269
在你手刃仇人之时，自己也会遍体鳞伤

143
00:11:28,539 --&gt; 00:11:29,840
说得轻巧

144
00:11:29,840 --&gt; 00:11:32,923
安昂小朋友，现实点
气宗的那套说教根本无法指导社会实践

145
00:11:32,991 --&gt; 00:11:36,972
我知道那个凶手还在逍遥法外
知道在哪儿可以找到他

146
00:11:36,972 --&gt; 00:11:39,121
我想我别无选择

147
00:11:39,431 --&gt; 00:11:41,815
卡塔拉，你还有选择

148
00:11:41,815 --&gt; 00:11:43,182
宽恕他

149
00:11:43,182 --&gt; 00:11:45,535
这跟什么都不做有什么两样

150
00:11:45,535 --&gt; 00:11:49,155
答错，什么都不做很容易

151
00:11:49,155 --&gt; 00:11:50,948
不过宽恕一个人却很难

152
00:11:50,948 --&gt; 00:11:52,497
不只是很难

153
00:11:52,497 --&gt; 00:11:54,090
是根本就不可能

154
00:12:04,650 --&gt; 00:12:07,237
这么说你还是要把阿柏带走是吧

155
00:12:07,237 --&gt; 00:12:09,272
没错

156
00:12:09,272 --&gt; 00:12:11,544
没关系啦，我原谅你
（这俩人还真像两口子 :P）

157
00:12:12,185 --&gt; 00:12:14,532
我的话对你是不是有点启发啊？

158
00:12:14,532 --&gt; 00:12:16,360
你是阻止不了我们的

159
00:12:16,360 --&gt; 00:12:18,140
我不会阻止你们的

160
00:12:18,140 --&gt; 00:12:20,092
此行你非去不可

161
00:12:20,092 --&gt; 00:12:22,228
你必须面对这个人

162
00:12:24,356 --&gt; 00:12:27,222
那时拜托你千万不要选择复仇

163
00:12:27,222 --&gt; 00:12:30,841
试着平复你的愤怒，让它随风而去吧

164
00:12:30,864 --&gt; 00:12:35,690
-宽恕他吧 -好吧，我们会的，“啰唆吧唧”导师

165
00:12:35,690 --&gt; 00:12:37,181
多谢你的体谅，安昂

166
00:12:37,181 --&gt; 00:12:38,528
驾，驾

167
00:12:40,200 --&gt; 00:12:43,252
知道吗，你身上有小孩所没有的睿智

168
00:12:43,252 --&gt; 00:12:44,479
多谢夸奖，索卡

169
00:12:44,479 --&gt; 00:12:47,294
平常觉得你那样挺烦人的
不过今天你确实让我印象深刻啊

170
00:12:47,294 --&gt; 00:12:48,590
我谢你啊

171
00:12:48,590 --&gt; 00:12:50,918
那...模模能借我一周，行吗？

172
00:12:51,286 --&gt; 00:12:52,602
你借模模要干嘛？

173
00:12:56,964 --&gt; 00:12:59,037
我们得找到火宗海军联络塔

174
00:12:59,037 --&gt; 00:13:02,551
海军的调度都是靠信鹰来完成的

175
00:13:02,551 --&gt; 00:13:05,810
联络塔肯定有各个部队驻扎的最新信息

176
00:13:05,810 --&gt; 00:13:10,494
那么咱们一找到联络塔，就进去把情报抢出来

177
00:13:10,494 --&gt; 00:13:12,198
只可智取，不可强攻

178
00:13:12,198 --&gt; 00:13:15,026
我们不能打草惊蛇

179
00:13:15,026 --&gt; 00:13:19,174
否则在我们到达之前，南方突袭团早就已经逃走了

180
00:13:44,830 --&gt; 00:13:46,808
“南方突袭团”，找到

181
00:13:49,131 --&gt; 00:13:52,730
在这儿，驻扎在鲸尾岛附近

182
00:13:52,792 --&gt; 00:13:55,189
鲸尾岛，好，咱们走

183
00:14:03,977 --&gt; 00:14:05,306
你应该休息一下

184
00:14:05,306 --&gt; 00:14:07,057
我们几个小时以后才会到

185
00:14:07,057 --&gt; 00:14:08,736
你需要保持体力

186
00:14:08,736 --&gt; 00:14:10,850
别担心我的体力

187
00:14:10,850 --&gt; 00:14:14,998
力气我有的是，我再也
不是儿时那个无助的小女孩了

188
00:14:19,678 --&gt; 00:14:20,822
我去找妈妈

189
00:14:25,487 --&gt; 00:14:26,364
妈妈

190
00:14:28,949 --&gt; 00:14:30,117
放过她吧

191
00:14:30,117 --&gt; 00:14:32,143
你想要知道什么我都告诉你

192
00:14:32,143 --&gt; 00:14:35,083
听见你老妈说的了吧，快滚

193
00:14:35,083 --&gt; 00:14:37,261
妈妈，我害怕

194
00:14:37,261 --&gt; 00:14:39,913
宝贝，去找你老爸，这儿我来搞定

195
00:14:46,447 --&gt; 00:14:48,810
我拼命的跑啊跑啊

196
00:14:48,810 --&gt; 00:14:53,541
爸爸，爸爸，妈妈有麻烦了

197
00:14:53,541 --&gt; 00:14:54,948
有个男人闯进了咱们家

198
00:14:54,948 --&gt; 00:14:56,070
卡娅
（这曾是试播版中卡塔拉的名字）

199
00:14:59,879 --&gt; 00:15:01,537
但是已经太晚了

200
00:15:01,537 --&gt; 00:15:04,387
我们赶到的时候，那个男人已经不在了

201
00:15:04,387 --&gt; 00:15:06,462
母亲也不在了

202
00:15:06,462 --&gt; 00:15:08,562
你母亲是位勇敢的女性

203
00:15:10,103 --&gt; 00:15:11,881
是啊

204
00:15:17,233 --&gt; 00:15:19,860
快看，看见那些画有海鸦的旗帜了吗？

205
00:15:23,186 --&gt; 00:15:24,992
是南方突袭团没错了

206
00:15:24,992 --&gt; 00:15:27,164
咱们开始吧

207
00:15:34,724 --&gt; 00:15:36,825
如此这般，这般如此

208
00:16:09,543 --&gt; 00:16:10,636
就是这儿了，卡塔拉

209
00:16:10,636 --&gt; 00:16:12,652
准备好了吗？

210
00:16:25,725 --&gt; 00:16:27,242
来者何人？

211
00:16:27,242 --&gt; 00:16:28,785
不记得她了吗？

212
00:16:28,785 --&gt; 00:16:30,690
相信我，你很快就会记起来的

213
00:16:34,721 --&gt; 00:16:35,624
这是...?

214
00:16:35,650 --&gt; 00:16:38,133
（答：恐怖的御血术）

215
00:16:38,669 --&gt; 00:16:39,869
我这是怎么了？

216
00:16:46,370 --&gt; 00:16:50,567
好好想想，好好想想你们最后一次对南方水族的扫荡

217
00:16:50,757 --&gt; 00:16:54,501
我不知道你在说什么
求你了，我真的不知道

218
00:16:54,501 --&gt; 00:16:56,152
还敢撒谎！

219
00:16:56,152 --&gt; 00:16:59,852
看着她的眼睛，别说你忘记自己曾经做过了些什么？

220
00:17:09,187 --&gt; 00:17:10,237
不是他

221
00:17:13,358 --&gt; 00:17:14,972
他不是我要找的人

222
00:17:14,972 --&gt; 00:17:17,216
什么？怎么会不是他呢？

223
00:17:17,216 --&gt; 00:17:20,760
他可是南方突袭团的首领
不是他还会是谁？

224
00:17:26,050 --&gt; 00:17:29,284
如果你不是我们要找的人
那么那个人在哪儿？

225
00:17:29,284 --&gt; 00:17:33,365
你们找的想必是 翁猾（音译）
他四年前就退休了

226
00:17:45,196 --&gt; 00:17:49,540
翁猾，你这个懒苦力，给我找点东西来

227
00:17:49,609 --&gt; 00:17:52,551
好吧，老妈，您要啥？

228
00:17:52,551 --&gt; 00:17:56,374
你园子里种的西红柿都快把我的牙给硌掉了

229
00:17:56,374 --&gt; 00:17:58,664
给我搞点软嫩多汁的来

230
00:17:58,664 --&gt; 00:18:01,639
园子里的其他菜不尝尝吗？

231
00:18:02,030 --&gt; 00:18:04,796
-我很愿意...   -别跟我提你那个烂园子了

232
00:18:04,796 --&gt; 00:18:08,739
赶紧带上秤砣去市场上给我买点能吃的东西回来

233
00:18:24,621 --&gt; 00:18:25,928
谁在那儿？

234
00:18:26,700 --&gt; 00:18:28,203
看见谁了吗？

235
00:18:38,300 --&gt; 00:18:39,304
是谁？

236
00:18:39,304 --&gt; 00:18:40,958
谁在那儿？

237
00:18:43,721 --&gt; 00:18:46,811
就是他，没错，他就是那个禽兽

238
00:19:00,077 --&gt; 00:19:02,528
居然敢跟踪本大爷，看我不烧死你

239
00:19:19,826 --&gt; 00:19:21,888
树丛后面的就是我们

240
00:19:23,224 --&gt; 00:19:25,433
你可别逼我再用御火术了

241
00:19:25,433 --&gt; 00:19:29,297
这位大爷，不管你是谁
我身上的钱和东西，要的话你就拿走好了

242
00:19:29,297 --&gt; 00:19:30,398
我不会反抗的

243
00:19:32,189 --&gt; 00:19:33,735
知道我是谁吗？

244
00:19:33,735 --&gt; 00:19:36,769
不，不太确定

245
00:19:37,060 --&gt; 00:19:39,856
你最好记得，否则你的小命不保

246
00:19:39,856 --&gt; 00:19:41,868
要不你离近点再看看啊？

247
00:19:42,196 --&gt; 00:19:49,374
是的，是的，我记起来了，你就是那个小水宗女孩

248
00:19:50,408 --&gt; 00:19:53,900
放她走吧，我会把你想知道的都告诉你

249
00:19:53,900 --&gt; 00:19:56,568
听见你老妈说的了吧，快滚

250
00:19:56,568 --&gt; 00:19:59,215
妈妈，我好害怕

251
00:19:59,215 --&gt; 00:20:02,055
宝贝，快去找你爸爸，这儿我来搞定

252
00:20:05,260 --&gt; 00:20:10,990
现在说吧，这儿到底谁是御水师？

253
00:20:10,990 --&gt; 00:20:13,857
这儿没有御水师了

254
00:20:13,857 --&gt; 00:20:17,129
火宗的人很久以前就把他们给抓走了

255
00:20:17,129 --&gt; 00:20:23,195
你说谎，我的线人说在南方水族还有一个御水师

256
00:20:23,195 --&gt; 00:20:26,678
找不到这个御水师，我们是不会离开的

257
00:20:26,678 --&gt; 00:20:30,839
如果我告诉你的话
你能答应放过其他的村民吗？

258
00:20:33,449 --&gt; 00:20:36,772
是我，把我抓走吧

259
00:20:36,772 --&gt; 00:20:40,129
我今天来可不是为了抓人的

260
00:20:44,766 --&gt; 00:20:48,034
她骗了你，她是为了保护那个最后的御水师

261
00:20:48,179 --&gt; 00:20:50,705
什么？那么那个御水师是...?

262
00:20:51,500 --&gt; 00:20:52,754
是我

263
00:21:22,778 --&gt; 00:21:25,710
我知道我犯了错，我认罪

264
00:21:25,710 --&gt; 00:21:26,970
你找我报仇是天经地义的

265
00:21:26,970 --&gt; 00:21:29,772
不如你带走我的母亲吧，这样咱们就扯平了

266
00:21:29,772 --&gt; 00:21:33,709
我一直都在想你到底是个怎样的人

267
00:21:33,709 --&gt; 00:21:36,920
见到你之后，我都明白了

268
00:21:36,920 --&gt; 00:21:40,960
你的心中根本就是空空如也

269
00:21:40,960 --&gt; 00:21:43,798
你这个悲哀、空虚的可怜虫

270
00:21:43,798 --&gt; 00:21:45,143
求你了，放过我吧

271
00:21:46,275 --&gt; 00:21:48,535
虽然我恨你入骨

272
00:21:49,746 --&gt; 00:21:51,889
可我就是下不了手

273
00:22:19,057 --&gt; 00:22:20,139
卡塔拉

274
00:22:20,139 --&gt; 00:22:21,630
你还好吧？

275
00:22:21,630 --&gt; 00:22:23,708
还好

276
00:22:24,784 --&gt; 00:22:29,158
祖寇把你做的...或者该说没做的那件事告诉了我

277
00:22:29,158 --&gt; 00:22:30,679
我很为你骄傲

278
00:22:30,679 --&gt; 00:22:32,809
我当时真的想动手来着

279
00:22:32,809 --&gt; 00:22:36,416
我想将我所有的怒气都施加与他
可是我就是不能

280
00:22:36,416 --&gt; 00:22:42,060
我不知道是我太软弱了
还是因为我终于学会了坚强

281
00:22:42,122 --&gt; 00:22:43,776
你做的没错

282
00:22:43,776 --&gt; 00:22:47,454
只有学会宽恕，心伤才有可能康复

283
00:22:48,940 --&gt; 00:22:52,989
不过我并没有宽恕他，永远都不会

284
00:22:54,101 --&gt; 00:22:57,198
不过我已经准备好原谅你了

285
00:23:03,600 --&gt; 00:23:06,503
你之前说得没错

286
00:23:06,503 --&gt; 00:23:08,948
暴力并不是卡塔拉所需要的

287
00:23:08,948 --&gt; 00:23:10,332
暴力永远都不是解决问题的方法

288
00:23:10,332 --&gt; 00:23:12,542
那我倒有个问题要问你了

289
00:23:12,542 --&gt; 00:23:16,010
与我父皇碰面的时候，你会怎么做？

290
00:23:21,459 --&gt; 00:23:25,913
-=未完待续=-
英语字幕听录：英麟
翻译/时间轴：阿土
校对：阿土 英麟
http://blog.sina.com.cn/tucity
本字幕仅为个人学习之用，请勿用作商业用途

1
00:00:00,740 --&gt; 00:00:02,837
水善国

2
00:00:03,340 --&gt; 00:00:04,738
土强国

3
00:00:05,154 --&gt; 00:00:06,841
火烈国

4
00:00:07,237 --&gt; 00:00:08,309
气和国

5
00:00:09,702 --&gt; 00:00:13,146
很久以前，这四大国和谐共处

6
00:00:13,629 --&gt; 00:00:17,634
然而，烈火国发起的战争结束了和平

7
00:00:18,057 --&gt; 00:00:21,851
只有同时掌握四种元素的降世神通才能结束战争

8
00:00:21,852 --&gt; 00:00:25,158
然而在大家最需要他的时候，他却消失了

9
00:00:25,534 --&gt; 00:00:28,926
100年后，我和哥哥发现了转世的降世神通

10
00:00:29,300 --&gt; 00:00:31,168
他是个御气师，名叫“安昂”

11
00:00:31,203 --&gt; 00:00:33,576
尽管他的御气术着实了得

12
00:00:33,611 --&gt; 00:00:36,237
在拯救苍生之前，他要学的还有很多

13
00:00:37,236 --&gt; 00:00:40,229
但是我坚信 安昂能拯救这个世界

14
00:00:40,402 --&gt; 00:00:45,188
-=降世神通=-
最后的气宗
英语字幕听录/翻译：英麟
校译：阿土  英麟       时间轴：阿土
http://blog.sina.com.cn/tucity
本字幕仅为个人学习之用，请勿用作商业用途

15
00:00:46,031 --&gt; 00:00:48,183
降世神通 前情提要

16
00:00:49,141 --&gt; 00:00:52,740
余烬岛可是个神奇的地方

17
00:00:52,740 --&gt; 00:00:55,147
皇家在余烬岛上有行宫吗？

18
00:00:55,147 --&gt; 00:00:57,953
小时候我们每年夏天都来这儿避暑

19
00:00:58,405 --&gt; 00:01:00,196
那可是很久以前的事了

20
00:01:00,196 --&gt; 00:01:04,928
就像海浪冲走沙滩上的足印一样

21
00:01:04,928 --&gt; 00:01:09,197
余烬岛会给每个人一块光亮的石板

22
00:01:09,197 --&gt; 00:01:12,712
通过它可以看见真实的自己

23
00:01:12,712 --&gt; 00:01:18,158
第三卷
火
</pre>
