# S02E09 - Bitter Work

**Languages:** English / 中文

=== "English"

    <div class="script">
          Bitter Work

      Written by: Aaron Ehasz
      Directed by: Ethan Spaulding
      Storyboard: Michael Chang, Miyuki Hoshikawa, Justin Ridge, Ethan
      Spaulding, Tomihiro Yamaguchi
      Transcribed by: Nat

      [Introduction sequence]

      Act I

      (The episode opens with a view of a rocky canyon. The camera pans down to
      reveal Aang, Sokka, Katara, and Appa sleeping. Cut to Aang leaping into
      the air excitedly.)

      Aang: Today’s the day! Can you believe it‌ After all that time searching
      for a teacher,
      I’m finally starting earthbending! And this place… i-it’s perfect! Don’t
      you think‌ Sokka‌

      (Sokka rolls over, giving Aang an angry look. He moans.)

      Aang: Oh, you’re still sleeping, huh‌

      (Sokka moans again and rolls back over.)

      Aang (whispering): Sorry!

      (The ground begins to shake and Aang takes a step backward. Cut to Toph’s
      rock tent which suddenly explodes, revealing Toph standing with a fist in
      the air.)

      Toph: Good morning earthbending student!

      (Cut back to Aang. Toph walks up to him and he bows slightly.)

      Aang: Good morning sifu Toph.

      (Katara rouses from her sleeping bag.)

      Katara (sleepily): Hey… You never call me sifu Katara.

      (Aang scratches behind his head nervously.)

      Aang: Well, if you think I should…

      (Sokka sits up and grumbles angrily. Cut to Aang and Toph.)

      Toph: Sorry. snoozles. We’ll do our earthbending as quietly as we can.

      (Cut to Toph’s feet. She kicks the ground and cracks travel toward Sokka.
      Cut to Sokka as a large spire of rock shoots up underneath him. Sokka
      screams as he’s launched into the air and toward the camera. He hits the
      ground with a thud, then gets up and bounces toward Aang and Toph,
      grumbling angrily. He bounces offscreen. Cut to Toph. Aang leaps over next
      to her.)

      Aang: So what move are you going to teach me first‌ Rockalanche‌ (He
      shoves his fist down to illustrate the move.) The trembler‌ (He pretends
      like he’s has someone in a hold and trembles slightly.) Oh! Maybe I can
      learn to make a whirlpool out of land!

      (He holds his arms up and spins around. Toph slaps a hand on his chest to
      stop him.)

      Toph: Let’s start with “move a rock”.

      (She walks offscreen.)

      Aang: Sounds good! Sounds good!

      (Cut to an open part of the canyon. Aang and Toph each stand in front of a
      boulder. Katara watches from a rock outcropping nearby.)

      Toph: The key to earthbending is your stance. (She lowers herself and
      widens the distance between her feet. Aang tries to imitate her.) You’ve
      got to be steady and strong. Rock is a stubborn element. (She shoves Aang,
      causing him to stumble to the side.) If you’re going to move it, you’ve
      got to be like a rock yourself.
      Aang: Like a rock. Got it.

      (He rubs his side where she shoved him. Cut to Toph. She straightens up.)

      Toph: Good. Now the actual motion of this one is pretty simple. (She
      lunges forward and punches, causing the boulder to shoot off into the
      distance, slamming into the side of the canyon.) Okay, you ready to give
      it a try‌

      (Aang takes up a similar stance.)

      Aang: I’m ready.

      (His eyes narrow and he punches forward, but a blast of air sends him
      shooting backward. He slams into Appa’s side and falls on his face. The
      camera zooms out, showing Sokka, still in his sleeping bag, sitting on a
      nearby rock.)

      Sokka: Rock beats airbender!

      (Cut to Iroh’s dream. There’s a single tree on a grassy hill. Iroh runs up
      the hill with Lu Ten behind him. Cut to Lu Ten who does a pretend
      firebending motion with his hands.)

      Lu Ten: (laughs) I got you, dad!

      (Cut to Iroh. He lets out a cry of pain as he falls to the ground. Lu Ten
      falls on top of him and then they both laugh.

      Cut to the future. Rain is falling on a stone object. The camera pans up
      to reveal and older Iroh, a look of pain on his face.)

      Iroh: My beloved Lu Ten, I will see you again.

      (The camera zooms out, revealing that he is on the same hill, presumably
      in front of a grave. The tree is leafless and the sky is a gloomy dark red
      color.)

      Zuko: Uncle!

      (Cut to a deserted, broken-down shack. The camera is from Iroh’s viewpoint
      and Zuko is looking down at him, a concerned look on his face.)

      Zuko: You were unconscious. Azula did this to you.

      (Iroh attempts to get up but winces in pain. A bandage covers the left
      side of his chest and shoulder.)

      Zuko: It was a surprise attack.
      Iroh: Somehow, that’s not so surprising.

      (He grunts in pain as he moves to lean up against the wall. Zuko picks up
      a steaming cup and hands it to Iroh.)

      Zuko: I hope I made it the way you like it.

      (Iroh takes a sip from the cup and his eyes widen. He lets out a cry of
      disgust, but manages to mask it.)

      Iroh: Mmm, good. (He takes another drink and grunts.) That was very, uhh…
      bracing!

      (Zuko hands him another cup and he tosses itout the window when his nephew
      isn’t looking.)

      Zuko: So uncle, I’ve been thinking. It’s only a matter of time before I
      run into Azula again. I’m going to need to know more advanced firebending
      if I want to stand a chance against her. I know what you’re going to say:
      she’s my sister and I should be trying to get along with her.
      Iroh: No, she’s crazy and she needs to go down. (Zuko nods. Iroh grunts as
      he stands up.) It’s time to resume your training.

      (Cut to Aang’s group. Katara and Toph are standing next to the boulder
      Aang tried to move. Aang walks up, a hand behind his head.)

      Katara: I don’t understand what went wrong. (She glances at Toph and
      points at Aang.) He did it exactly the way you did.
      Aang: Maybe there’s another way. (He takes up a fighting stance and begins
      to walk toward the boulder.) What if I came at the boulder from a
      different angle‌

      (Toph grabs him by the collar and he turns around.)

      Toph: No, that’s the problem. You’ve got to stop thinking like an
      airbender. (She knocks her fist lightly against the side of Aang’s head.
      He winces slightly.) There’s no different angle, no clever solution, no
      trickity trick that’s going to move that rock. (She shoves Aang. He cries
      out and falls down offscreen.) You’ve got to face it head on. And when I
      say head on, I mean like this!

      (She runs forward. The camera pans out as she jumps into the air and
      crashes into the rock that Aang tried to move head-first, shattering it.
      Aang recoils.)

      Aang: Whoa!

      (He looks down, unsure of himself. Cut to Toph walking away. Katara runs
      to catch up with her. Toph stops.)

      Katara: I’ve been training Aang for a while now. He really responds well
      to a positive teaching experience. Lots of encouragement and praise. Kind
      words. If he’s doing something wrong, maybe a gentle nudge in the right
      direction.
      Toph: Thanks Katara. A gentle nudge. I’ll try that. (Cut to Toph
      shouting.) Keep your knees high, twinkletoes!

      (Cut to Aang carrying a large rock on his back. He’s obviously straining
      to hold up the weight. The camera zooms out, showing Toph in the
      background stomping down and causing pillars of rock to rise underneath
      Aang’s feet as he walks. Aang loses his balance and falls offscreen.

      Cut to Toph rubbing her hands together. The camera zooms out and she
      begins to quickly shove her hands effortlessly into a rock. The camera
      pans over and Aang rubs his hands together and tries to do the same thing,
      but he merely hurts his hand and grunts in pain.

      Cut to Aang. A bead of sweat drips down his face. The camera zooms out and
      Toph leaps out of the ground and lands next to him.)

      Toph: Rocklike!

      (Aang falls over and blinks. Toph kicks the ground and a pillar of rock
      shoves him back up. She pokes him in the eye and Aang grins nervously.

      Cut to Sokka’s face with Toph’s hand holding him back. He grunts, trying
      to move forward. Cut to a side view, showing Sokka struggling to get his
      sword back from Toph, who is holding it to the side and preventing Sokka
      from grabbing it. She shoves him backward and he stalks offscreen. She
      hands the weapon to Aang, who is blindfolded. She stands on a rock in the
      distance and begins to kick the ground, causing columns of rock to emerge.
      Aang tries to hit them and finally succeeds after missing four. Cut to
      Toph, who nods in approval.

      Cut to Toph and Aang standing in a clearing. Toph raises her arms and two
      walls of rock rise on either side of them. Aang looks up in amazement. Cut
      to Toph. She moves her fingers in a straight line in front of her and a
      line is drawn in the ground at her feet. She holds up her fists and rocks
      shoot toward her, covering her entire body except for her eyes in rock
      armor. Cut to Aang, who gasps in surprise. Cut to Toph’s feet. She begins
      to slide forward. Cut to Aang. He extends his arms to stop her and slowly
      begins to push her back. He begins to lose ground, but finally pushes her
      past the line she drew in the ground.

      Cut to Aang, who is tossing a rock with a handle on it into the air and
      catching it. The camera zooms out, showing that he’s standing on two tall
      pillars of rock. Toph stands at the base. She walks between the pillars,
      stomps down, and then hits the columns with her hands, causing tremors to
      go up them.)

      Toph: Rocklike!

      (Aang doesn’t budge, a look of determination on his face. Toph rises on
      her own pillar of rock and nods in approval. Aang gives her a huge grin.

      Cut to another area of the canyon. A small baby mooselion walks up to a
      small patch of grass and begins to eat. The camera pans up to show Sokka
      looking down from a tree.)

      Sokka: You’re awfully cute, but unfortunately for you, you’re made of
      meat. Just a bit closer…

      (Sokka yells as he jumps down toward the baby moose lion. He misses and
      lands in a crevice. The baby mooselion looks at him questioningly. It
      walks up to him and wags its tail. Sokka brings back his sword to strike
      it.)

      Sokka: Gotcha! (He falls deeper into the crevice and drops his sword. He’s
      stuck up to his shoulders. He struggles to free himself but doesn’t
      budge.) You are the lucky little meat creature.

      (He points at the mooselion and it wags its tail.

      Cut to Zuko and Iroh. The camera shows the outside of the decrepit
      building and then cuts to inside. Iroh sits in front of Zuko. A pot of tea
      sits on a small fire between
      them.)

      Iroh: Lightning is a pure expression of firebending, without aggression.
      It is not fueled by rage or emotion the way other firebending is. Some
      call lightning the cold-blooded fire. (Iroh takes the tea kettle off the
      fire and pours it into another pot. He then begins to pour two cups.) It
      is precise and deadly, like Azula. To perform the technique requires peace
      of mind.

      (He hands a cup to Zuko.)

      Zuko: I see. That’s why we’re drinking tea: To calm the mind.
      Iroh: Oh yeah, good point! I mean, yes.

      (Cut to the outside of the building. Zuko and Iroh stand on the edge of a
      hill overlooking the valley with a walled, abandoned city at the bottom.)

      Iroh: There is energy all around us. (Cut to a front view of Zuko and
      Iroh.) The energy is both yin and yang; positive energy and negative
      energy. (He holds up one finger on each hand to stand for the two forms of
      energy.) Only a select few firebenders can separate these energies. This
      creates an imbalance. The energy wants to restore balance and in a moment
      the positive and negative energy come crashing back together. (He brings
      his hands together to illustrate the point.) You provide release and
      guidance, creating lightning.

      (Iroh holds out a hand, signaling for Zuko to step back. He holds his
      right hand to his side and with two fingers extended begins to create
      lightning by rotating his arm in a circular motion around his body. He
      mimics the motion with his left arm. Cut to Zuko, who looks impressed. Cut
      back to Iroh. He brings his two hands together and then lunges forward
      with his right hand extended and shoots lightning into the distance. Cut
      back to Zuko.)

      Zuko: I’m ready to try it!
      Iroh: (rubbing his injured shoulder slightly.) Remember, once you separate
      the energy, you do not command it. You are simply its humble guide.
      Breathe first.

      (Zuko breathes in and closes his eyes. He then begins to mimic the motions
      that Iroh performed, except that he does not create traces of lightning.
      Cut to a close up of Iroh for a moment, then back to Zuko. He shouts and
      shoves his right hand forward, but it merely causes a fiery explosion that
      shoves him backward. He falls on his back next to Iroh. Iroh shakes his
      head slightly.

      Cut to Aang’s earthbending training. Aang, Toph, and Katara stand in the
      middle of the canyon. Toph walks in front of Aang as she speaks.)

      Toph: This time we’re going to try something a little different. Instead
      of moving a rock, you’re going to stop a rock. (She walks off screen, then
      quickly lunges toward Aang, who recoils slightly.) Get in your horse
      stance! (Aang widens his stance. Cut to Toph standing in front of Aang
      with a trail leading up an angled cliff behind her.) I’m going to roll
      that boulder down at you. (She points up the hill at a large boulder
      sitting at the top of the trail.) If you have the attitude of an
      earthbender, you’ll stay in your stance and stop the rock. (Cut to a
      close-up of Aang’s face. His mouth opens and he looks surprised and
      scared. Katara looks on with concern in the background. Cut back to Toph.)
      Like this.

      (She lunges toward the boulder with her arms outstretched to illustrate
      what she means. Katara walks up to Toph and Aang.)

      Katara: Sorry Toph, but are you sure this is really the best way to teach
      Aang earthbending‌
      Toph: I’m glad you said something. (She reaches down and grabs Aang’s
      belt.) Actually, there is a better way. (She jerks off Aang’s belt and
      blindfolds him with it.) This way he’ll really have to sense the
      vibrations of the boulder to stop it. Thank you Katara.

      (She gives Katara a thumbs-up.)

      Aang (sarcastically): Yeah, thanks Katara!
      Katara (nervously): Heh.

      (Cut to Toph standing at the top of the hill with Aang at the bottom. She
      shoves the rock forward and it begins to roll down the slope. Aang looks
      worried and afraid as it rolls toward him. Katara covers her mouth with
      her hands, a worried look on her face. Cut to a close-up of Aang, his
      teeth clenched and beads of sweat flowing down his face. Cut to the rock
      rolling toward the camera.

      Cut to commercial break.)

      Act II

      (The boulder continues to roll down the hill toward Aang. Cut to a
      close-up of Aang, a frantic look on his face. Cut to Toph, the camera
      looking up from above. She has her arms crossed. Cut to Katara, who still
      covers her face with her hands. Momo cowers down on her head. Cut back to
      Aang, who jumps over the boulder as it almost hits him. The boulder rolls
      passed Katara and slams into the side of the canyon. Aang lands on the
      ground. Cut to Toph, running toward the camera. She runs up to Aang as he
      removes the blindfold, glaring at him disapprovingly.)

      Aang: I guess I just panicked. I don’t know what to say.
      Toph: There’s nothing to say. You blew it. You had a perfect stance and
      perfect form but when it came right down to it you didn’t have the guts.

      (She gives Aang a light punch to the chest that knocks him down. He sits
      at her feet with his legs crossed.)

      Aang: I know. I’m sorry.

      (Toph leans down, looking right into his face.)

      Toph: Yeah, you are sorry. If you’re not tough enough to stop the rock,
      then you could at least give it the pleasure of smushing you instead of
      jumping out of the way like a jelly-boned wimp! Now, do you have what it
      takes to face that rock like an earthbender!‌

      (Aang looks down sadly, not meeting her gaze.)

      Aang (sadly): No. I don’t think I do.

      (Toph straightens up and crosses her arms as Katara walks over to comfort
      Aang. She puts her hands on his shoulders.)

      Katara: Aang, it’s no big deal. You’ll take a break and try earthbending
      again when you’re ready. Besides, you still have a lot of waterbending to
      work on, okay‌

      Aang: Yeah… that sounds good.

      (Katara and Aang walk off to the right.)

      Toph: Yeah, whatever, go splash around until you feel better.

      (She walks off in the opposite direction.

      Cut to Zuko training. The view is from the abandoned village. A smoking
      hill is seen in the distance. Cut to Zuko getting blown back by an
      explosion. He has a frustrated look on his face and clenches his fist.
      Iroh looks on while leaning against the building in the background.)

      Zuko: Why can’t I do it‌ Instead of lightning, it keeps exploding in my
      face! Like everything always does!

      (Iroh gets up from his spot and walks over to Zuko. Zuko stands up.)

      Iroh: I was afraid this might happen. You will not be able to master
      lightning until you have dealt with the turmoil inside you.

      (Zuko turns to him, an angry look on his face.)

      Zuko (frustrated and enraged): What turmoil‌
      Iroh: Zuko, you must let go of your feelings of shame if you want your
      anger to go away.
      Zuko: But I don’t feel any shame at all! I’m as proud as ever!
      Iroh: Prince Zuko, pride is not the object of shame, but its source. True
      humility is the only antidote to shame.
      Zuko: Well… my life has been nothing but humbling lately.

      (Iroh looks to the side.)

      Iroh: I have another idea. I will teach you a firebending move that even
      Azula doesn’t know, because I made it up myself!

      (He points a thumb toward himself and smirks slightly. Cut to Zuko who
      smiles.

      Cut to Sokka, who is stuck up to his shoulders in the ground with the baby
      mooselion sitting on top of his head.)

      Sokka: You probably think I deserve this, don’t you‌ (The baby mooselion
      peers over Sokka’s forehead and looks at him.) Look, I’m sorry I hunted
      you, but that’s just the natural order of things! Big things eat smaller
      things, nothing personal! But this time it didn’t work out that way.

      (The baby yawns and then walks in a circle on Sokka’s head before lying
      down again and closing its eyes.)

      Sokka: I admit it. You’re cute. (The mooselion begins licking its paws.)
      Okay, you’ve convinced me. If I get out of this alive, it’s a comically
      correct vegetarian existence for me. No meat. Even though meat is so
      tasty.

      (The baby jumps off of Sokka’s head and exits the screen. A bug flies on
      from the left and begins to buzz around Sokka’s face. Sokka makes a
      groaning noise as he struggles to swat it away with his trapped hands. The
      bug lands on his head, and Sokka grunts in defeat. Sokka perks up suddenly
      and the bug flies away. Cut to the baby mooselion running toward the
      camera with an apple in its mouth. It stops and rolls the apple toward
      Sokka.)

      Sokka (offscreen): It looks like my karma is already paying off!

      (Cut to a profile view of the scene. The apple stops between the cub and
      Sokka, far out of his reach.)

      Sokka: That’s okay! I got it!

      (Sokka struggles to reach into his backpack and then tosses his boomerang
      at the apple. It falls down next to it.)

      Sokka: Now come back boomerang.

      (The cub’s tail twitches. Cut to a pond where Aang and Katara are
      training. A frog sits on a rock and Momo grabs it, but the frog wiggles
      from his grip. Momo struggles to catch it but falls face-first into the
      water. The camera pans up to show Aang and Katara waterbending in the
      distance, moving around a ball of water between them.)

      Katara: You know this block you’re having is only temporary, right‌

      (Cut to a close-up of Aang.)

      Aang (dejectedly): I don’t want to talk about it.

      (Cut to a close-up of Katara, who gives Aang a concerned look.)

      Katara: You do know that’s the problem, don’t you‌ If you face this issue
      instead of avoiding it…

      (Cut to a close-up of Aang.)

      Aang (frustrated): I know I know I know I know, I get it, alright! (He
      lets the ball of water fall back into the pond.) I need to face it
      head-on, like a rock. But I just can’t do it! I don’t know why I can’t,
      but I can’t.

      (Cut to a close-up of Katara.)

      Katara: Aang, if fire and water are opposites, then what’s the opposite of
      air‌

      (Cut to a full-view of the pond.)

      Aang: I guess it’s earth.
      Katara: That’s why it’s so hard for you to get this. (Cut to a view of
      Aang’s reflection that then pans up to show Aang himself.) You’re working
      with your natural opposite. But you’ll figure it out. (Cut back to
      Katara.) I know you will. (Katara reaches behind her and breaks off a
      reed. She hurls it at Aang without warning.) Think fast!

      (Cut to Aang, who looks up in surprise before causing a wave of water to
      shoot up and slice the reed in half. The two halves sail harmlessly by
      him.)

      Katara: Excellent. You have the reflexes of a waterbending master.
      Aang: Thanks, Katara. Sifu Katara.

      (He puts his hands together and bows. Cut to Katara who smiles, and then
      bows as well.

      Cut to Iroh and Zuko. Iroh is drawing the symbols of each of the bending
      disciplines in the dirt with a stick as he explains them. Zuko sits
      cross-legged nearby, observing intently.)

      Iroh: Fire is the element of power. The people of the Fire Nation have
      desire and will, and the energy and drive to achieve what they want. Earth
      is the element of substance. The people of the Earth Kingdom are diverse
      and strong. They are persistent and enduring. Air is the element of
      freedom. The Air Nomads detached themselves from worldly concerns and
      found peace and freedom. Also, they apparently had pretty good senses of
      humor! (Iroh smiles widely, but Zuko
      doesn’t react.) Water is the element of change. The people of the Water
      Tribe are capable of adapting to many things. They have a deep sense of
      community and love that holds them together through anything.
      Zuko: Why are you telling me these things‌
      Iroh: It is important to draw wisdom from many different places. If we
      take it from only one place, it becomes rigid and stale. (He draws lines
      separating the four symbols in the dirt.) Understanding others, the other
      elements, and the other nations will help you become whole.
      Zuko: All this four elements talk is sounding like Avatar stuff.
      Iroh: It is the combination of the four elements in one person that makes
      the Avatar so powerful. But, it can make you more powerful too. (He pokes
      Zuko’s chest with his stick.) You see, the technique I am about to teach
      you is one I learned by studying the waterbenders.

      (Cut to Zuko, who looks intrigued. Cut to an overhead view of the two,
      showing Iroh’s picture of the four symbols in the dirt.

      Cut to Aang who is sitting on a rock formation meditating with Momo
      sleeping at his feet. Toph walks up behind him carrying his staff. She
      sits down on the other side of the rock. Cut to a close-up of Toph.)

      Toph: Aang! I found these nuts in your bag. (She holds up a green bag with
      a crudely-drawn picture of Aang’s face on it.) And besides, even if you
      did, you’re too much of a pushover to do anything about it.

      (Cut to Aang with Toph in the background. He looks at her out of the
      corner of his eyes, an annoyed expression on his face.)

      Aang: As a matter of fact, I don’t mind. I’m happy to share anything I
      have.

      (He closes his eyes and begins to meditate again.)

      Toph: You know, I’m really glad you feel that way, because I also have
      this great new nutcracker.

      (She spins Aang’s staff above her head. Cut to Aang, who looks over his
      shoulder with a pained expression on his face. Cut to Toph as she smiles
      widely, lifts the staff, and smashes it down on a nut. Cut back to Aang.)

      Aang: Actually, I’d prefer if you didn’t… (there’s another crack as Toph
      smashes another nut, and Aang cringes.) That’s an antique, hand crafted by
      the monks… (there’s another crack and Aang cringes again, growing more
      frustrated.) It’s a delicate instrument!

      (Cut to Toph, who is eating the nuts with Momo.)

      Toph (in a mocking tone): It’s not the only delicate instrument around
      here.

      (Toph gets up and walks off with Momo, carrying Aang’s staff. She hits it
      along rocks as she walks. Cut to Aang, who glares at her and then tries to
      meditate again.)

      Aang: Ohmmmm…

      (Katara walks up behind Aang.)

      Katara: Hey Aang, have you seen—
      Aang (annoyed): Meditating here!

      (Cut to a close-up of Katara, who looks worried.)

      Katara: It’s important. It’s almost sundown and Sokka isn’t back yet. I
      think we should search for him.

      (Cut to Aang, who looks over his shoulder at Katara with a concerned look
      on his face. Cut to a wider view of the scene. Aang uses his airbending to
      stand up and leaps off the rock while Katara runs offscreen.)

      Aang: We’ll find him faster if we split up.

      (Cut to Sokka. The baby mooselion is biting his ponytail and pulling on it
      playfully.)

      Sokka: Okay karma person or thing, whoever’s in charge of this stuff, if I
      can just get out of this situation alive, I will give up meat and sarcasm.
      Okay‌ OW! (The band holding Sokka’s hair in the ponytail comes off after a
      strong tug by the baby mooselion and Sokka’s hair becomes a fuzzy mess.)
      That’s all I got! It’s pretty much my whole identity! Sokka, the meat and
      sarcasm guy! (The baby mooselion exits to the right.) But I’m willing to
      be Sokka the veggies and straight talk fellow!
      …Deal‌

      (Cut to Aang, who runs in front of Sokka.)

      Sokka: Aang! Thank goodness! Have you got any meat‌

      (Aang runs up to Sokka and stops in front of his boomerang.)

      Aang: Sokka! Are you okay‌

      (He bends down and begins to tug on Sokka’s trapped arms.)

      Sokka: (grunts) Stop, stop! You’re going to pull my fingers off and I
      don’t think the rest of me is coming!

      Aang (scratching his head pensively): Hmm… I bet I can airbend you out of
      here.

      (Cut to behind Aang. He raises his arms and then slams them down, causing
      a huge gust of air to erupt from the crevice that sends dust flying. When
      the dust clears, Sokka is still trapped and his hair has been blown up in
      what resembles a Mohawk. His boomerang comes down and hits him in the
      head, flattening the Mohawk.)

      Sokka: Seriously Aang, I know you’re new at it, but I could use a little
      earthbending here. How ‘bout it‌

      (Cut to Aang, who looks unsure before looking down sadly.)

      Aang (forlornly): I can’t. I can’t do it.

      (Cut to an overhead view of Aang standing in front of Sokka. Cut to
      commercial break.)

      Act III

      (Aang is still standing in front of Sokka, only now his back is to the
      sun.)

      Sokka (annoyed): If you can’t earthbend me out of here, go get Toph.

      (Cut to a close-up of Aang with Sokka in the background. Aang looks away
      from Sokka.)

      Aang: I can’t do that either.
      Sokka: You can’t‌ Why not‌
      Aang: It would just be really… uncomfortable.
      Sokka: Uncomfortable‌ (Cut to a close-up of Sokka in the crevice.) Well, I
      wouldn’t want to make you feel uncomfortable.
      Aang: Thanks Sokka. (Cut to behind the two. Aang crouches down.) This
      whole earthbending thing really has me confused. There’s so much pressure.
      Everyone expects me to get it right away. It puts me in a really awkward
      position.
      Sokka: Awkward position… I think I know the feeling.

      (Cut to a profile of Aang.)

      Aang: If I try, I fail. But if I don’t try, I’m never going to get it. I
      feel like I’m caught between a rock and a hard place.

      (Cut to a front view of Aang and Sokka. The baby mooselion enters from the
      right and walks around Sokka’s head.)

      Sokka: Hmm. How about that. (He motions to the mooselion.) Aang, this is
      my friend Foo Foo Cuddlypoops. Foo Foo Cuddlypoops, Aang.
      Aang: Aww, what a cute name for a little baby sabertooth mooselion cub.

      (He lifts the cub into the air.)

      Sokka: Really‌ He looks nothing like a sabertooth mooselion.

      (The camera pans up to show the baby mooselion’s face.)

      Aang: It’s hard to tell before their giant teeth and horns grow in.
      Whatcha doin’ out here, little guy‌ Did you lose your mama‌

      (The cub blinks at Aang. There’s a roar from offscreen. Aang looks
      surprised and then looks over his shoulder. The camera pans out to reveal
      a huge sabertooth mooselion standing in the bushes. Cut to a close-up of
      the mooselion. It roars and shakes its head.

      Cut to Zuko and Iroh. The camera pans from a small building to Zuko and
      Iroh practicing waterbending moves.)

      Iroh: Waterbenders deal with the flow of energy. A waterbender lets their
      defense become their offense, turning their opponents’ energy against
      them. I learned a way to do this with lightning.
      Zuko (excitedly): You can teach me to redirect lightning‌

      (Cut to Iroh. He nods.)

      Iroh: If you let the energy in your own body flow, the lightning will
      follow it. (He points with his right arm at an angle into the air and
      points at it with his other hand.) You must create a pathway from your
      fingertips up your arm to your shoulder and down into your stomach. (He
      moves his left hand from his arm, to his shoulder, and then to his
      stomach.) The stomach is the source of energy in your body. It is called
      the sea of chi. Only in my case, it is more like a vast ocean. (He laughs.
      Cut to Zuko, who remains stoic. Cut back to Iroh.) You direct it up again
      and out the other arm. (He points off into the distance with his left
      arm.) The stomach detour is critical. You must not let the lightning pass
      through your heart (he walks up to Zuko and points his fingers at his
      chest.) or the damage could be deadly. You may wish to try a physical
      motion to get a feel for the pathway’s flow. Like this. (He points to the
      left with both his arms and Zuko mimics the motion. Iroh then takes his
      right arm and points it in the other direction. Zuko copies this move as
      well. Iroh and Zuko then move their left arms to the right and back
      again.) Now, are you focusing your
      energy‌ Can you feel your own chi flowing in, down, up, and out‌
      Zuko: I think so.

      (He continues to mimic the motions Iroh showed him. Shift to Iroh. He
      begins to move his arms in waving motions at his sides.)

      Iroh: Come on. You’ve got to feel the flow.

      (Cut to later in the evening. Zuko and Iroh are still practicing the
      motions. Iroh suddenly stops and stands in front of Zuko.)

      Iroh: Excellent! You’ve got it!

      (Zuko bows slightly, putting his hands together.)

      Zuko: Great! I’m ready to try it with real lightning!

      (Cut to Iroh, who gives Zuko a questioning look.)

      Iroh: What, are you crazy‌ Lightning is very dangerous.
      Zuko (annoyed): I thought that was the point: (Cut to Iroh, whose eyes
      twitch as Zuko continues.) You teaching me how to protect myself from it.
      Iroh (frantically): But I’m not going to shoot lightning at you! (He waves
      his arms around defensively. He turns away from Zuko and looks at him out
      of the corner of his eye.) If you are lucky, you will never have to use
      this technique at all.

      (Cut to Zuko, who gazes off at dark clouds in the distance.)

      Zuko: Well, if you won’t help me, I’ll find my own lightning.

      (Cut to Iroh, who closes his eyes and trembles a bit. Cut to Zuko riding
      off into the distance on his ostrich.

      Cut to Aang and Sokka. Aang is standing in the foreground with the baby
      mooselion in his hands while the mother mooselion stands in the
      background.)

      Aang (nervously): Hey there…We found your cub! (He smiles and raises the
      baby into the air. The baby yawns. The mother growls and Aang puts the
      baby on the ground. It runs to its mother and then passed her into the
      bushes, squealing.) See‌ We have no problem with you! We’re friendly.

      (The mooselion roars and shakes its head.Cut to Sokka, his eyes wide.)

      Sokka (frantic): Aang, this is bad! You gotta get me outta here!

      (Cut to the mooselion. It roars, and then begins to charge. Cut to Sokka,
      who cries out as the camera zooms in on his eye. Cut to the mooselion as
      it charges. Aang airbends the stampeding creature over his head, and it
      barely passes over Sokka’s head before hitting the ground and spinning
      around. The mooselion roars loudly and Sokka looks up at Aang with a
      scared look on his face.)

      Sokka: This is really bad! (Cut to Aang, who looks increasingly worried as
      Sokka speaks.) Please, Aang! You have to earthbend me out, there’s no
      other way!

      (Aang stomps down, does an uppercut move, and then aims both hands toward
      the sky, but Sokka doesn’t budge. Aang gives him a nervous grin and then
      turns back to the mooselion. It scrapes its paw against the ground and
      prepares to charge again.)

      Aang: Oh no! (Aang leaps up on a rock outcropping away from Sokka. He cups
      his hands around his mouth and begins to shout at the mooselion.)
      Whoo-hoo! Look at me!

      (He begins to dance and flail about, trying to get the mooselion’s
      attention. The mooselion, however, turns its attention back to Sokka and
      begins to charge. Aang leaps off the rock and shoots a gust of air at the
      mooselion that blows it away from Sokka. It lands and spins around again.
      Cut to Aang with Sokka visible over his shoulder.)

      Sokka (terrified): Please don’t leave me again.
      Aang (determined): I won’t.

      (The mooselion charges toward Aang. He waits for it, taking up a stance
      and preparing to use his airbending on it. Cut to a close-up of his
      determined face. Cut back to the mooselion charges. It nears him and he
      shoves his hands forward, blowing the mooselion backwards with a strong
      gust of air. The mooselion hits the ground, glances at Aang, and then
      walks off into the bushes.

      When the dust clears, Aang is still standing in his stance. Toph is
      revealed to be sitting on a rock in the background. She begins to clap
      slowly. Aang turns to her. Cut to a close up of Toph. She is sitting
      cross-legged on a rock, clapping slowly with her eyes closed. Cut to Aang
      and Sokka.)

      Sokka: What are you doing here‌
      Toph: Just enjoying the show.
      Aang: What‌ You were there the whole time‌
      Toph: Pretty much.

      (Aang points at Toph accusingly.)

      Aang (angrily): Why didn’t you do something‌ Sokka was in trouble! I was
      in trouble! You could’ve gotten him out and helped us get away!

      (Cut to a close-up of Toph, who looks unaffected by the accusations.)

      Toph: I guess it just didn’t occur to me.

      (She tosses down a nut and then pulls out Aangs staff to crack it. As she
      brings it down to strike the nut, Aang catches it.)

      Aang (forcefully): Enough! I want my staff back!

      (He takes the staff from Toph. She stands up and jumps off the rock,
      standing in front of Aang.)

      Toph: Do it now.
      Aang (still angry):What‌
      Toph: Earthbend, twinkletoes. You just stood your ground against a crazy
      beast, and even more impressive, you stood your ground against me. You’ve
      got the stuff.
      Aang: But…
      Toph: DO IT!

      (Aang glances at her with confusion, then stomps down and shoves his fist
      forward, causing a large rock to shoot off and crash into a ridge.)

      Toph (excitedly): You did it! You’re an earthbender.
      Aang (happily): I can’t believe it!

      (Cut to Sokka.)

      Sokka: Aww, this is really a wonderful, touching moment. So, could you get
      me out of her so I can give you both a big, snuggly hug‌
      Aang: No problem, Sokka!

      (He begins to march eagerly toward where Sokka is trapped, but Toph holds
      out a hand to stop him.)

      Toph: Actually, you should probably let me do that. You’re still a little
      new to this. You might accidentally crush him.

      (Cut to Sokka, who smiles widely.)

      Sokka: Yeah, no crushing please.

      (Toph walks up to Sokka and lifts her left foot, then stomps down. Sokka
      pops out of the hole and Toph grabs his hair, dragging him out as she
      walks away.

      Cut to later in the night. Aang has an arm wrapped around Sokka to help
      him walk and Toph walks next to them with Aang’s staff. Katara runs toward
      them from the foreground.)

      Katara: You found him!

      (She runs up to Sokka and gives him a hug. Aang and Toph watch.)

      Sokka: The whole time that I was in that hole, not knowing if I would live
      or die, it makes a man think about what’s really important. I realize…
      Aang: Hey Katara, look what I can do!

      (Katara’s gaze turns to Aang as he shoves his arms forward, causing a
      large rock formation to break in half.)

      Katara: You did it! I knew you would! (She glances at Toph.) You tried the
      positive reinforcement, didn’t you‌
      Toph: Yep. It worked wonders.

      (Appa roars and Aang runs up to him.)

      Aang: Appa! Appa! I can earthbend now! The key is being completely rooted!
      Physically and mentally unmovable!

      (Appa licks Aang and he flies forward onto his face. Sokka begins to laugh
      and Aang joins him.

      Cut to a mountain during a rainstorm. Zuko stands at the peak, staring at
      the
      clouds.)

      Zuko (defiantly): You’ve always thrown everything you could at me! Well I
      can take it! And now I can give it back! (Lightning strikes in the
      distance. Cut to a close-up of Zuko’s face as the rain pours off of it. He
      glances up at the sky.) Come on! Strike me! You’ve never held back before!

      (He closes his eyes and a stream of tears begins to flow from his good
      eye. He raises his arms and shouts before collapsing onto his hands and
      knees.

      Fade to white.)

      [End Credits]
    </div>

=== "中文"

    <div class="script">
    第九回
埋头苦练
终于盼到今天了
你能相信吗？
经过那番寻师之旅后
我终于可以开始学习御土术了
看看这儿，简直就是天然的练功场，不是吗？
索卡？
哦，你还没醒呢啊
抱歉啊~
早啊，我的御土术徒儿
早安，拓芙师傅
嘿，你都没叫过我师傅哩
好吧，我会改口的
抱歉了，小懒虫，我们在用御土术时会尽量安静的
那你会先教我哪招呢？
“石破天惊”？“石震八方”？
哦，干脆教我在地上造个大漩涡吧
我们先从移动岩石开始吧
太好了，太好了
站姿正确是使用御土术的诀窍
下盘要稳而有力
岩石是一种坚硬的元素
想要学会移动岩石，就必须要像岩石一样
坚如磐石，明白了
不错，实际上所用的招式十分简单
好的，准备好了吗，来试试吧
我准备好了
本轮御气师败北，岩石胜出
老爸，我逮到你了
路腾，我的儿子，黄泉路上我们再见
皇叔，你刚才昏过去了
都是阿祖拉干的好事
居然偷袭你
料到了，没啥稀奇的
希望我泡的茶你能喜欢
不错
真是非常...呃...提神啊
皇叔，我一直在想
我们迟早还会与阿祖拉遭遇
只有掌握些更高级的御火招数，我才有赢她的胜算
我知道你可能会说：
她是我的皇妹，我应该尽量与她为善
怎么会，是该有人出来收拾那个疯丫头了
现在开始恢复你的修炼
真不明白错到底出在哪里，他明明做的和你一样嘛
可能还有其他方法，
如果我从其他角度来攻击会不会好一点
答错，这正是你的问题所在
你应该停止从御气师的角度想问题
没有什么角度问题，收起来你那些小聪明、小把戏
那些玩艺没法移动岩石
你需要对它迎面痛击
而我说的“迎面”，就要有这种气势
我之前训练过安昂一段时间
我觉得他更适合那种“正面鼓励式教学法”
给他更多的鼓励和表扬，语气要和蔼
如果他做错了的时候，可以旁敲侧击让他重归正途
谢了，卡塔拉，那招旁敲侧击我会试试的
把膝盖给我太高点，亮脚趾
稳若磐石
稳若磐石
你是很可爱，不过只能怪你点太背
谁让你浑身都是肉呢
再靠近点...
抓到你了
你这个小肉球今天还真走运
闪电本是御火术的一种升华形态
而非进攻招式
与其他御火术不同的是
催动闪电所用的并不是暴怒的情绪
有人称闪电为“冷血烈焰”
这招精准且致命，正如阿祖拉一样
使用该招的关键在于要内心平和
我明白了，所以我们要品茶冥想
为的就是平复心态
是啊，说的好
孺子可教也
我们存在于能量场中，这些能量亦阴亦阳
正负相依
只有少数的御火师能将这些能量分离
那势必会打破能量的平衡
在能量重新平衡之际
正负能量便会相撞，继而合并如初
如果加以释放和引导，就将产生闪电
我已经跃跃欲试了
记住，一旦你分离开能量之后，你要做的不是控制它
而要做个谦卑的引导者
注意调息
这次我们将尝试些不同的项目
不是移动岩石
而是要截住岩石
赶紧给我扎好马步
我将会把那块圆石推下来
学会从御土师的角度看问题
保持站姿，截住岩石
就像这样
抱歉，拓芙，你确定这是教
安昂御土术的最好方法吗？
多谢你的提醒，实际上，有个更好的方法
这样他可以真正通过感知圆石的震动来截住它
谢了，卡塔拉
是啊，我谢你啊，卡塔拉
我想我可能是害怕了，我不知道该怎样解释
还想解释啥？
都让你给搞砸了，原本你的站姿不错
然而当岩石真正滚下来时，你却没胆去截住它
我知道了，我很抱歉
没错，你是该抱歉，连截止块石头的勇气都没有
大不了就是被石头碾成泥呗
就会像个没骨头的懦夫一样跳开
现在，你能不能像个御土师一样直面那个岩石？
算了，我想我不行
安昂，没关系的，不如休息下吧
一会再回来修行御土术
再说了，你还有很多御水术功课没做呢
好吧，是个好主意
哈，随便你吧，去玩玩水没准能感觉好点
为什么我做不到呢？
闪电没弄出，反倒弄了一脸灰
我真是一事无成啊
这正是我一直担心的
如果无法处理好内心的躁动的话
你将无法掌握闪电这招
啥躁动？
祖寇，如果想让你的怒气消失，你必须放下羞耻感
我可没有什么羞耻感
我的内心仍然一如既往的骄傲着
祖寇殿下，骄傲与耻辱并不是对立的
其恰恰是耻辱的根源
谦卑却是羞耻唯一的解药
最近我的人生除了谦卑之外一无所有
我有个主意
让我教你一招新的御火术
这招就连阿祖拉都不会
因为是我自创的
你肯定认为我是自作自受吧
你看，我很抱歉要猎杀你
但这是物竟天择的自然法则啊
大鱼吃小鱼，小鱼吃虾米
不过今天这法则好像不怎么灵验
我承认，你很可爱
好吧，算你厉害
如果我今天能够活着出去
一定会为我的素食情节拨乱反正的
从今以后再不吃肉
即使肉食是那么的美味
看来真是善有善报啊
好吧，我自己拿
飞去飞来，你给我回来
你也知道那障碍对你来说只是暂时的，对吧？
我现在不想谈论它
这正是问题所在，不要逃避
如果你不再逃避，而是直面问题症结...
好了，好了，好了，我知道了，行吗？
我需要学会面对，坚如磐石
但是我就是做不到，我也不知道为什么，我就是不行
安昂，如果说火和水是对立
那与空气对立的又是什么呢？
我想是土吧
这就是你难以掌握它的原因吧
御土术所运用的东西与你的天性相反
但是你一定能想出办法的，我看好你哟
开动脑筋
不错
你已经有御水大师的反应能力了
多谢，卡塔拉
应该叫卡塔拉师傅
火是代表力量的元素
烈火国的人拥有欲望和决心
而这能量可以驱使他们得到想要得一切
土则是一种坚实的元素
土强国的人各色各样，但都十分强壮
他们拥有坚持和忍耐的品性
气是一种自由的元素
气宗的人超凡脱俗，总能找到的和平和自由
还有，他们有着举世无双的幽默感
水是一种富有变化的元素
水宗的人能够随遇而安
他们具有较强的社会责任感和爱心
从而使得他们能够所向披靡
为什么要跟我讲这些
从他人身上汲取智慧是十分有益的
如果只顾闭门造车，将会变得刻板和陈腐
无论是其它元素，还是国家
倘若能够采取他人之长
都将会使你的人生变得完整而圆满
掌握四种元素应该是降世神通的任务吧
正是由于降世神通能够集四种元素于一身
才会拥有如此强大的力量
同样，了解这些，也会使你力量大增
我将要传授给你的技艺
就是从一位御水师那里学来的
安昂，我在你的袋子中找到了这些坚果
你应该不会介意吧，再说了
即便在意，你那么懦弱又能拿我怎么样
事实上，我不介意，我很高兴与大家分享
是嘛，很高兴你能那么想
因为我还从你那淘到一个很好的核桃钳
你最好不要....那可是个古董了
由僧侣们手工制作....是个相当精巧的器物
有什么大不了的，这种东西周围多得是
嘿，安昂，你看见...
没看见我打坐呢？
事关紧要，太阳都快下山了，可是索卡还没回来
我想咱们应该出去找找他
分头去找吧，应该能快点
“报应”啊，不管你是人是神
如果我能够活着出去
我一定戒掉吃肉和挖苦人的坏毛病，行吗？
哦，我就这么点嗜好
原本就靠这些标新立异来着
索卡，肉食讥讽男
我愿意一心向善，做个素食的好好先生
说定了？
安昂！谢天谢地！有没有给我带点肉啊？
索卡，你没事吧
住手，快住手，在这样下去手指头就该被你拔下去了
嗯，那我就使招御气术救你出去吧
说真的，安昂，虽然你刚学御土术
不过没准能管用，试试看？
我不行
我做不到
如果你不能救我出来，就把托芙叫来
那我也办不到
办不到？为啥？
那会感觉非常不自在的
不自在？是啊，我怎么会让你感觉不自在呢？
谢了，索卡
那个破御土术真是愁死我了
我感觉压力巨大，每个人都期望我能速成
反倒让我的处境十分尴尬
处境尴尬？咱们还真是难兄难弟
我试吧，肯定会失败；
可我要是不试，那将永远也学不会
我感觉现在真是进退两难啊
（俗语：between a rock an a hard place）
忘了给你们介绍了
安昂，这是我的朋友“呋呋卡迪仆仆”
“呋呋卡迪仆仆”，这是安昂
哇哦，你居然给“剑齿糜狮”的幼崽
起了这么可爱的名字啊
真的？它长得哪点像“剑齿糜狮”啊
等它把巨齿和角都长出来，你就能看出来了
小家伙，你在外面瞎晃悠啥呢？
和妈妈走散了
御水师们善用流动的能量
御水师能够以退为进，以防为攻
借力打力，正所谓四两拨千斤
从他们那我领悟到了破解闪电的方法
这么说您要教我闪电易位？
如果你让能量从你的身体中流过
闪电就会穿身而过
你必须在体内创建一条通道
这条通道自手指，经手臂肩膀向下，直至丹田
丹田是人体内的聚能之所
也就是常说的“气海”
不过我那里，更像是广阔的大洋
从单田开始，引导能量重新向上而从另一手臂流出
记住能量必须从单田绕路而过
千万不能让闪电从心脏通过
否则伤害将是致命的
来吧，熟练一下肢体动作
体验一下能量的通路
就像这样
现在，集中精力在你的能量上
能感受到体内之气的沿通路流入流出吗？
是的
好的，要学会感受能量的流动
不错，你学会了
太好了！我已经准备好接受真正闪电的考验了
啥？你疯了吗？
闪电是十分危险的
那不正是你的意图吗？教我如何化解闪电的威胁
话虽如此，可我绝对不会向你发射闪电的
如果你幸运的话，希望你永远也不会用到这招
（可惜，第三季中这招还是用上了）
那好，既然你不帮我，我就自己去找闪电去
你好啊，我们找到了你的幼崽
你看，我们是没有恶意的
安昂，这太糟了，你得赶快把我弄出去
真是太糟了
拜托了，安昂，
赶快用御土术把我弄出去，没别的选择了
哦，不好
呜呼~快看我啊
你可别再丢下我了
我不会了
你在这儿干嘛呢？
坐山观虎斗
啥？
你刚才就一直在那儿？
没错
那你干嘛不来帮忙？
索卡那么危险
我也那么危险
你干嘛不救他出来，帮我们赶快离开
事不关己，我又瞎操什么心
够了，马上把我的滑翼还给我
现在就做！
做嘛？
御土术，亮脚趾
你能够脚不离地的打败一只猛兽
更值得欣喜的是你学会向我抗争了
滑翼还你了
可是...
快用御土术
你做到了
你是一名御土师了
真不能想象
哇哦，这真是一个美妙而感人的时刻啊
不如你们赶快把我弄出去，好让我和你们热情相拥啊
没问题，索卡
我看，还是我来救他出去吧，你现在还是新手
我可不想让你把他给碾碎了
是啊，温柔点啊
你们找到他了
我一直都困在那个土洞之中，生死未卜
在那时我认真思量了一件十分重要的事情
我意识到了...
嘿，卡塔拉，快看我
你做到了
我就知道你能行
你用了 “正面鼓励式教学法”吧？
没错，挺管用的
阿柏，阿柏，我学会御土术了，关键就在于下盘要稳
站如松，坐如钟
你不是一直都喜欢打击我吗？
我全部接受
现在，我会原样奉还的
来呀，来劈我啊
你不是从来都没有退缩过吗？
-=未完待续=-

水善国
土强国
火烈国
气和国
很久以前，这四大国和谐共处
然而，烈火国发起的战争结束了和平
只有同时掌握四种元素的降世神通才能结束战争
然而在大家最需要他的时候，他却消失了
年后，我和哥哥发现了转世的降世神通，
他是个御气师，名叫“安昂”
尽管他的御气术着实厉害
在拯救苍生之前，他要学的还有很多
但是我坚信
安昂 能拯救这个世界
-=降世神通=-
最后的气宗

、FANS

降世神通 前情提要
我发现了一座隐秘的图书馆
在那儿我拆阅了不计其数的卷轴
你做到了，你已经是个御土师了
孙进的彗星即将在这个夏末回归
烈火王欧宰将借助彗星的力量
一劳永逸的结束这场战争
你必须在彗星到来之前战胜烈火王
第二卷
土
    </div>
