# S02E07 - Zuko Alone

**Languages:** English / 中文

## English

<pre class="script">
      Zuko Alone

      Written By: Elizabeth Welch Ehasz
      Directed By: Lauren Macmullan
      Storyboard By: Lauren Macmullan, Chris Graham, Kenji Ono, Dean Kelly
      Animation By: JM Animation Co, Ltd.
      Transcribers: Acastus and Psycho Silver

      [Introduction sequence]

      [?Previously on Avatar? sequence, including clips from The Storm, Avatar
      Day, The Siege of the North Part II, and The Avatar State.]

      Act I

      (The episode opens with a shot of a partly cloudy sky. A dead tree
      dominates the right side of the screen. The camera tilts down to show a
      figure in the distance riding an ostrich horse. He wears a round, coolie
      type hat. Cut to a close up of the figure. It is Zuko. He looks sullen.

      He rides the ostrich horse over a rope suspension bridge. The ostrich
      horse puts a foot through one of the planks and almost loses its balance.
      Zuko acts quickly to right the animal and continue crossing the bridge.

      Later, Zuko stops his mount mid stride as he smells something. He looks
      o.c. Cut to a zoom in shot of two people in Earth Kingdom clothing around
      a campfire. Zuko sees food cooking and clutches his stomach. Cut to a
      close up of his hand holding his middle. He moves his hand to the hilt of
      his two broadswords., then cut to a closer shot of the two people by the
      campfire. A man approaches his pregnant wife who reclines against a tree.
      He rubs her belly and smiles at her.

      Cut back to the close up shot of Zuko&#x27;s hand on his swords. He releases
      his grip as the camera tilts up to show his face. He lowers eyes in
      resignation and moves forward on his mount.

      Shift to a profile shot of Zuko riding across a field. He is almost asleep
      in the saddle. Cut to a closer shot as he tries to take a drink from a
      water skin. It is empty. Cut to a shot from behind the banished Prince as
      he rides to the horizon. The landscape is a grassy field strewn with huge,
      circular shaped stones with squares cut from the middle. Many are embedded
      in the earth.

      Cut to a profile close up of Zuko&#x27;s eyes. They have grown heavy and he
      fights back asleep. Cut to a shot from his p.o.v. His eyesight is blurry.
      He fights back asleep, jerking himself awake a few times. He has a
      momentary vision of a beautiful woman with dark hair wearing barely
      visible Fire Nation clothing, but he wakes with a start.

      Shift to a shot of the sun. The camera tilts down to show Zuko on his
      mount looking at a village in the distance, then cut to an overhead shot
      of the village and some of its busy streets. Shift again to several Earth
      Kingdom soldiers, backs to the camera, playing some type of game. One of
      the soldier&#x27;s is shaking a pair of dice to throw in front of them.)

      Soldier: Come on spider snake eyes?

      (Cut to a frontal shot of the soldiers. Three squat on the ground at
      around camera level. Another, Gow, stands behind them wearing a slightly
      different uniform than the others. The soldier in the middle is shaking
      the dice. He throws them and rolls two fives. The man with the different
      uniform scowls, as the roller puts his hands over his head in triumph.)

      Soldier: Yeah!

      (His two compatriots squatting next to him begin to hit him.

      Cut to a shot of Zuko entering the village on his mount. He rides up to a
      stall near the men. Cut to a shot of the soldier standing up ? his eyes
      follow the sound of the arriving ostrich horse and he turns slightly
      towards the camera to look at the newcomer o.c.

      Cut to a shot of frontal shot of Zuko offering a merchant in the stall a
      few coins...)

      Zuko: Could I get some water, a bag of feed, and something hot to eat?
      Merchant: Not enough here for a hot meal. I can get you two bags of feed.

      (Zuko looks down in despair, the gambling soldiers looking at him from the
      background. The soldiers turn back to their game as Zuko looks to the side
      o.c. at the sound of some laughter. A few kids peek from around the corner
      of the stall.

      Cut to a wider shot of Zuko standing in front of the stall. At the side, a
      kids hands his friend an egg, who throws it at the gambling soldiers. It
      hits a soldier on the head and the kids run off. The soldiers get up and
      look over and see Zuko&#x27;s back to them. The street is otherwise empty.)

      Gow: Hey! (he and his friends approach Zuko from behind) You throwing eggs
      at us stranger?
      Zuko: No.
      Gow: You see who did throw it?
      Zuko: (turning around and putting his hand on his sword hilt) No.
      Soldier: That&#x27;s your favorite word, no?
      Gow: Egg had to come from somewhere.
      Zuko: (turning back to the merchant) Maybe a chicken flew over.

      (One of the soldiers starts laughing, but a look from Gow silences him.
      Cut to a profile shot of Zuko at the merchant&#x27;s counter. The merchant
      appears and drops two bags of feed on the counter. Gow swoops in and grabs
      them and throws to one of his men.)

      Gow: Thanks for your contribution. The army appreciates your support. You
      better leave town. Penalty for staying is a lot steeper than you can
      afford stranger.

      (Cut to a side shot of Gow from the chest down as he taps the war hammer
      hanging from his belt.)

      Gow: Trust me.

      (Gow and his men walk away, then cut back to Zuko, the merchant standing
      behind him at his stall.)

      Merchant: Those soldiers are supposed to protect us from the fire nation,
      but they&#x27;re just a bunch of thugs.

      (Zuko walks back over to his mount. A bright eyed boy appears on the other
      side of the ostrich horse as he is about to hop up.)

      Lee: Thanks for not ratting me out.

      (Zuko gets on and starts riding away. The boy looks non-plussed, then a
      smile spreads on his face and he follows. Cut to Zuko riding, then the
      camera zooms backward instantly to show Lee holding the ostrich horse&#x27;s
      bridle.)

      Lee: I&#x27;ll take you to my house and feed your ostrich horse for you. Come
      on, I owe you.

      (Cut to a profile shot as Lee lead&#x27;s the banished Prince away. As the
      leave, Zuko grabs his grumbling tummy.

      Shift to a wide shot of the road leading up to a farm. A variety of pigs
      oink and make noise all around them. The noise picks up as the pass the
      animals.)

      Lee: No one can ever sneak up on us.
      Zuko: No kidding.

      (Lee leads the ostrich horse o.c. and Zuko looks to his right. A rooster
      sheep stops atop a fence pole to his left. It crows at him. A man enters
      the frame, only his back is visible at first.)

      Gansu: You a friend of (cut to a shot of Gansu&#x27;s face) Lee&#x27;s?

      (Cut to a wide shot. At this question Lee runs out of the barn near them
      and addresses his father in an excited tone.)

      Lee: This guy just stood up to the soldiers! By the end, he practically
      had them running away.

      (A woman enters from the right of the frame. She is dressed in simple
      green, as are her husband and son.)

      Sela: (in a friendly manner) Does this guy have a name?
      Zuko: I?m, uh?
      Gansu: He doesn&#x27;t have to say who he is if he doesn&#x27;t want to, Sela.
      Anyone who can hold his own against those bully &#x27;soldiers? is welcome
      here. (cut to a shot of Gansu with his arms around his wife and son) Those
      men should be ashamed to wear Earth Kingdom uniforms.
      Sela: The real soldiers are off fighting the war, like Lee&#x27;s big brother
      Sen Su. Supper&#x27;s going to be ready soon. Would you like to stay?
      Zuko: I can&#x27;t. I should be moving on.
      Sela: Gansu could use some help on the barn. Why don&#x27;t you two work for a
      while, and then we&#x27;ll eat.

      (Zuko nods his assent at Sela&#x27;s suggestion, then fade to a shot sometime
      later that pans left across the farm, then cut to Zuko and Gansu atop the
      barn. They are nailing roof shingles to the frame. Near them Lee stands at
      the top of the ladder used to access the barn&#x27;s roof. He watches his
      father and the nameless stranger working. This is followed by a frontal
      shot of Zuko on his knees using both hands to hammer in a nail. Lee&#x27;s
      upper body is visible behind him poking up over the edge of the roof.)

      Lee: You don&#x27;t seem like you&#x27;re from around here.
      Zuko: Uh-uh.
      Lee: Where are you from then?
      Zuko: Far away.
      Lee: Oh. Where&#x27;re you going?
      Gansu: Lee, give it a rest. Stop asking the man personal questions, got
      it?
      Lee: (sighs dejectedly) Yes? (then brightly) So, how did you get that
      scar?

      (Zuko slams the hammer into his thumb at this and stifles a cry of pain
      through gritted teeth.)

      Gansu: It&#x27;s not nice to bother people about things they might not want to
      talk about. A man&#x27;s past is his business.

      (Cut to Zuko, who looks up, lost in a memory. He begins to hammer once
      again, a look of fierce determination on his face. As he drops the hammer
      for the third time, a white flash fills the screen, and a flashback
      begins. The flashback is hazy and the colors in the animation are somewhat
      washed out so that the characters and the scenery look slightly faded.

      The flashback begins with a pool of water. A hand with long fingernails
      enters the frame and touches the surface of the pool. A Fire Nation red
      robe adorns the arm to which it is attached. The person pulls her hand out
      of the water and opens her palm to reveal some small bits of food. A baby
      turtle duck enters the frame and squawks. It is fuzzy except where it is
      covered by its shell. It eats the offered food.

      Cut briefly to a wide, long shot of the garden in which the pool is
      located. It is a sheltered compound and very beautiful two figures sit by
      the pool, though their features are difficult to see at this distance. One
      is a woman, the other a little boy of perhaps eight or ten.

      Cut to a profile shot of the boy, a young Prince Zuko, and his mother,
      Ursa. In front of them in the pond hover four baby turtle ducks, hoping
      for more food. Zuko holds a stone in his hand.)

      Zuko: Hey mom, want to see how Azula feeds turtle ducks?

      (He throws the rocks at one of the baby turtle ducks, which disappears
      beneath the surface of the pool.)

      Ursa: (shocked) Zuko! (cut to a frontal shot of Zuko, Ursa continues o.c.)
      Why would you do that?

      (Cut back to the surface of the pond. The baby turtle duck bobs back up to
      the surface unhurt ? his shell protected him from the rock. The baby
      blinks and shakes his head as its mother swims into the frame to make sure
      the baby is okay. Once sure of this, she swerves and attacks Zuko loudly.
      She jumps out of the pond and bites Zuko&#x27;s foot. The young Prince yells in
      pain. Ursa removes the angry turtle duck and drops her back into the pond.
      She swims away with one final squawk of protest, her babies in tow.)

      Zuko: Stupid turtle duck, why?d she do that?

      (Zuko hugs his knees and looks sullen. His mother sits next to him.)

      Ursa: Zuko, that&#x27;s what mom&#x27;s are like. (putting her arms around her son)
      If you mess with their babies (she makes a biting sound for effect)
      they&#x27;ll bite you back.

      (She hugs Zuko and he laughs.

      Fade to an overhead shot of another courtyard in the palace. This is
      quickly replaced by a shot of a young Azula and Ty Lee. Azula sets up for
      a cartwheel. She makes several successful flips but falls at the end. Ty
      Lee executes the move flawlessly and with incredible grace. She lands on
      her feet, but Azula knocks her over and laughs, pointing at the fallen
      girl.)

      Ty Lee: (sans malice) Azula!

      (Cut to a shot of a young Mai sitting with her back to a tree. She looks
      to her left to see Zuko and his mother walking down the path across the
      courtyard. She looks away, her cheeks blushing red and a small smile
      stealing across her face. Azula notices.)

      Azula: (whispers to Ty Lee) Watch this.

      (She runs over to catch her mother and brother as Ty Lee laughs quietly.)

      Azula: Mom, can you make Zuko play with us? We need equal teams to play a
      game.
      Zuko: (emphatically) I am not cart wheeling.
      Azula: You won&#x27;t have to. Cart wheeling&#x27;s not a game, (under her breath)
      dumb dumb.
      Zuko: I don&#x27;t care. I don&#x27;t want to play with you.
      Azula: We are brother and sister. (her voice becoming sickly sweet) It&#x27;s
      important for us to spend time together. Don&#x27;t you think so, mom?
      Ursa: Yes darling, (to Zuko) I think it&#x27;s a good idea to play with your
      sister. Go on now, (she fluffs Zuko&#x27;s head a few times) just for a little
      while.

      (Ursa walks off, leaving Zuko. Cut to a shot of an apple hanging from a
      tree. Azula&#x27;s hands picks it as she begins to speak in voice over.)

      Azula: (voice over) Here&#x27;s the way it goes.

      (Cut back to Azula and the others. Mai&#x27;s back is to the camera in the
      foreground, Zuko and Ty Lee visible behind. Azula places the apple on
      Mai&#x27;s head.)

      Azula: Now what you do is try to knock the apple off the other person&#x27;s
      head. Like this.

      (Cut to a close up of the apple atop Mai&#x27;s head. The camera tilts down to
      show Mai&#x27;s face. She looks unhappy. Azula fires a blast at the apple,
      whose stem catches on fire. Mai looks surprised, then cut to Zuko, Azula
      and Ty Lee. Zuko instantly springs to action to save the girl he thinks is
      in danger. Azula looks on smugly.

      Zuko stampedes over to Mai. He jumps her, knocking the burning apple off
      her head, but also knocking them both into the pool.)

      Azula: (to Ty Lee) See, I told you it would work.
      Ty Lee: Aw, they&#x27;re so cute together.
      Mai: (getting up as Zuko walks off) You two are such ? ugh!

      (Cut to Ursa coming out of one of the buildings. Zuko enters the screen,
      dripping water, as she begins to speak.)

      Ursa: I was just coming to get you. Uncle Iroh sent us a letter from the
      war front. You&#x27;re soaking wet.
      Zuko: (with a gesture of frustration) Girls are crazy!

      (The screen flashes white again. When the image returns the scene has
      changed to a night shot of an enormous stone wall. It has been breached
      and smoke rises from the piles of rubble. The shot pans down to reveal
      rows of Fire Nation soldiers at the base of the breached wall. On a stone
      parapet below is Iroh&#x27;s headquarter tent. He begins to narrate the letter
      from o.c.)

      Iroh: (voice over) If the city is as magnificent as its wall, Ba Sing Se
      must be something to behold. (cut to a younger Iroh sitting at a desk,
      flanked by two guards, writing the letter) I hope you all may see it
      someday, if we don&#x27;t burn it to the ground first.

      (He laughs at this, then cut back to a frontal shot of Ursa, the letter
      scroll spread open in the foreground, with Zuko and Azula on either side.
      They laugh with Iroh at this comment.)

      Ursa: (reading the letter) ?Until then, enjoy these gifts. For Zuko, (cut
      to Zuko running over and picking up a dagger offered by a servant on some
      sort of tray) a pearl dagger from the general who surrendered when we
      broke through the outer wall. Note the inscription (Zuko unsheathes the
      dagger) and the superior craftsmanship.

      Zuko: (reading the inscription) ?Never give up without a fight.?

      (The shot pans right to show Azula standing in front of another servant.
      He offers her something on a tray.)

      Ursa: ?And for Azula, a new friend. She wears the latest fashion for Earth
      Kingdom girls.?

      (As Ursa speaks, Azula picks up a doll wearing Earth Kingdom green. The
      Princess makes a face of disgust.)

      Azula: If Uncle doesn&#x27;t make it back from war, then dad would be next in
      line to be Fire Lord, wouldn&#x27;t he?

      (In the background, Zuko runs around practicing with his new blade.)

      Ursa: (disappointed) Azula, we don&#x27;t speak that way. It would be awful if
      Uncle Iroh didn&#x27;t return. And besides, Fire Lord Azulon is a picture of
      health.
      Zuko: How would you like it if cousin Lu Ten wanted dad to die?
      Azula: I still think our dad would make a much better Fire Lord than
      (looking at the doll with disdain) his royal tea loving kookiness.

      (She holds out the doll and makes its head burst into flame. The screen
      flashes white and the flashback ends.

      When the image returns, Zuko is asleep on some hay in the barn. It is
      night. The barn door opens and Lee enters. He sneaks in trying to be quiet
      and takes Zuko&#x27;s broadswords. Zuko detects this and awakens.

      Cut to a shot of Lee practicing with the swords in a field. The boy falls
      backward in surprise as Zuko speaks from o.c.)

      Zuko: (voice over) You&#x27;re holding them all wrong.

      (Lee gets up, a sunflower decorating his head. He looks ashamed and offers
      the swords back to Zuko. Instead of taking them, he puts his hands over
      the boy&#x27;s.)

      Zuko: Keep in mind, these are dual swords. (he takes the swords and begins
      to demonstrate moves for the boy) Two halves of a single weapon. Don&#x27;t
      think of them as separate, because they&#x27;re not. They&#x27;re just two different
      parts of the same whole.

      (He gives the swords back to Lee. The boy practices a bit, then looks back
      Zuko. His arms are folded and he has an uncharacteristic smile on his
      face. The boy laughs, then cut to a shot of them walking down a path,
      their backs to the camera. A full moon hangs overhead.)

      Lee: I think you?d really like my brother Sen Su. He used to show me stuff
      like this all the time.

      (Fade to a day shot of the farm and some of the animals. Shift to a wide
      shot of Zuko getting on his mount. The family is there to see him off.
      Sela offers him a package.)

      Sela: Here. This ought to get you through a few meals.

      (A sound is heard in the distance. They look up to see dust rising down
      the road. Cut to a frontal shot of Gansu and his men riding hard toward
      them.)

      Gansu: What do you think they want?
      Zuko: Trouble.

      (Cut to black for commercial break.)

      Act II

      (The show returns to show Zuko and the family looking ahead o.c., then a
      quick shot follows of the Gansu and his men riding hard. The sheep pigs
      begin to make noise as the approach. The stop just in front of Zuko and
      the family.)

      Gansu: What do you want, Gow?
      Gow: Just thought someone ought to tell you, your son&#x27;s battalion got
      captured. (cut to Gansu, who&#x27;s expression turns to horror) You boys here
      what the Fire Nation did with their last group of Earth Kingdom prisoners?

      Soldier: Dressed them up in Fire Nation uniforms and put them on the
      frontline unarmed, way I heard it. (he spits) Then they just watched.

      (Cut to a frontal shot of Gansu who points at the camera, his wife and son
      visible behind him.)

      Gansu: You watch your mouth!

      (Gow moves his ostrich horse forward, but Zuko rides forward and blocks
      him.)

      Gow: Why bother rooting around in the mud with these pigs?

      (Gow and his men turn and go. Another flashback begins as the dust swirls
      from the departure of the bullies.

      It is a scene in the garden of the Fire Nation palace once again. Zuko and
      Azula run by laughing as a servant approaches Ursa who sits by the pond.
      He gives her a scroll. She opens it and stands up. A tear rolls down her
      face. Zuko approaches her.)

      Ursa: Iroh has lost his son. Your cousin Lu Ten did not survive the
      battle.

      (The screen flashes back to the present. Zuko looks o.c. to wear Gow and
      his men have retreated. Gansu and Sela hug in the background. Lee stands
      next to them.)

      Lee: What&#x27;s going to happen to my brother?
      Gansu: (to Sela) I?m going to the front. I?m going to find Sen Su and
      bring him back.

      (Cut to a wide shot of the farm as Gansu and Sela walk back to their home.
      Lee begins to cry and runs to Zuko.)

      Lee: When my dad goes? will you stay?
      Zuko: No. I need to move on. Here. (offers him his dagger) I want you to
      have this. Read the inscription.

      (Lee takes the dagger and unsheathes it.)

      Lee: ?Made in Earth Kingdom.?
      Zuko: The other one.
      Lee: ?Never give up without a fight.?

      (The sound of heavy footsteps are heard o.c. as Zuko puts his ostrich
      horse into a gallop. Cut to a shot from behind Zuko as he recedes into the
      distance. Lee runs after him for a few steps, a pig in tow.

      The screen flashes white and we return to another of Zuko&#x27;s memories. He
      is in a room in the palace, wielding the knife he has just given away. He
      fakes death and falls over, revealing young Azula behind him seated on a
      chair.)

      Azula: You waste all your time playing with knives. You&#x27;re not even good.
      Zuko: (getting up, his cheeks flaming) Put an apple on your head and we&#x27;ll
      find out how good I am!
      Azula: (getting up and walking over to him) By the way, Uncle&#x27;s coming
      home.
      Zuko: Does that mean we won the war?
      Azula: No. It mean&#x27;s Uncle&#x27;s a quitter and a loser.
      Zuko: What are you talking about? Uncle&#x27;s not a quitter.
      Azula: Oh yes he is. He found out his son died and he just fell apart.
      (leaning against a nearby pillar) A real general would stay and burn Ba
      Sing Se to the ground, not lose the battle and come home crying.
      Zuko: (angry) How do you know what he should do? (looking down, sadly)
      He&#x27;s probably just sad his only kid is gone? forever.

      (Cut to an overhead shot. A shadow approaches the entrance to the chamber
      the kids were playing in. It is their mother.)

      Ursa: Your father has requested an audience with Fire Lord Azulon. Best
      clothes, hurry up.
      Azula: Fire Lord Azulon. Can&#x27;t you just call him ?Grandfather?? He&#x27;s not
      exactly the powerful Fire Lord he used to be. Some one will probably end
      up talking his place soon.
      Ursa: (crossly) Young lady! Not, another, word. (Azula runs past) What is
      wrong with that child?

      (Quick fade to a long, wide shot of the Fire Lord&#x27;s throne room. The
      chamber is filled with dark, ornate pillars holding up the roof. The
      center aisle leading up to the dais is clear. The Fire Lord sits on his
      thrown up the dais, which is separated from the rest of the hall by a
      trench of fire.

      A quick shot of Fire Lord Azulon is replaced by a profile shot of the kids
      and Ursa seated on the floor. Between Ursa and Zuko sits Ozai, though his
      face cannot be seen.)

      Ozai: And how was it Great Grandfather Sozen managed to win the battle of
      Han Tui?
      Zuko: Great Grandfather won, because?. (struggling)
      Azula: Because even though his army was outnumbered, he cleverly
      calculated his advantages. The enemy was downwind and there was a drought.
      Their defenses burned to a crisp in minutes.
      Ozai: Correct my dear. Now, won&#x27;t you show Grandfather the new moves you
      demonstrated to me?

      (Azula stands and performs a series of firebending moves. A shot of Ozai&#x27;s
      lower face shows his stony countenance turn to a slight smile at his
      daughter&#x27;s performance. Zuko looks on, an uncertain expression on his
      face.)

      Ozai: She&#x27;s a true prodigy. Just like her Grandfather for whom she&#x27;s
      named.

      (Azula sits back down next to Zuko.)

      Azula: (whispering to Zuko) You&#x27;ll never catch up.

      (Stung, Zuko gets up and addresses the Fire Lord.)

      Zuko: I?d like to demonstrate what I?ve been learning.

      (Cut back to Ozai&#x27;s face, which turns rapidly to a frown. Zuko tries to
      run through some of the same moves as Azula but with evidently less skill.
      After a few moments, he chokes on the routine and falls on his backside.
      He recovers and finishes the routine as his mother looks on in concern.
      Azula looks on her brother&#x27;s failure with glee. Ursa rushes over to him.)

      Zuko: (dejected) I failed.
      Ursa: No, I loved watching you. That&#x27;s who you are Zuko. (cut to Zuko
      looking up at his mother with wide eyes) Someone who keeps fighting even
      though it&#x27;s hard.

      (Cut to a shot from behind Azulon&#x27;s head looking out over his son and his
      family.)

      Azulon: (frustrated and angry) Prince Ozai, why are you wasting my time
      with this pomp? Just tell me what you want. (with a dismissive wave of him
      hand) Everyone else go.

      (As they are about to exit the chamber, Azula grabs Zuko by the hand and
      takes him behind some curtains.)

      Zuko: What are you ??
      Azula: Shh!

      (They run behind the curtains and then peak out near where Ozai now
      addresses his father o.c.)

      Ozai: Father, you must have realized as I have, that with Lu Ten gone,
      Iroh&#x27;s bloodline has ended. After his son&#x27;s death, my brother abandoned
      the siege at Ba-Sing-Se, and who knows when he will return home? But I am
      here, father, and my children are alive.
      Azulon: Say what it is you want.
      Ozai: Father, revoke Iroh&#x27;s birthright. I am your humble servant, here to
      serve you and our nation. Use me.
      Azulon: (leaning forward and pointing a finger at Ozai, who now kneels
      before him) You dare suggest I betray Iroh? My first born? (the fire in
      the trenches rises up into the frame from below, mirroring the Fire Lord&#x27;s
      anger) Directly after the demise of his only beloved son? I think Iroh has
      suffered enough. But you, your punishment has scarcely begun!

      (Cut back to the kids spying from behind the curtain. Scared, Zuko breaks
      and runs away. Azula turns back to the spectacle, a cruel smile on her
      face.

      Shift to Zuko asleep in his bed. The door opens and Zuko awakes. Azula
      leans against the doorway.)

      Azula: (in a sing-song voice) Dad&#x27;s going to kill you. Really, (turning to
      look at him with a leer) he is.
      Zuko: Ha-ha Azula. Nice try.
      Azula: Fine, don&#x27;t believe me, but I heard everything. Grandfather said
      dad&#x27;s punishment should fit his crime. (imitating Azulon) ?You must know
      the pain of losing a first born son, by sacrificing your own!?
      Zuko: Liar!
      Azula: (coming and sitting on his bed) I?m only telling you for your own
      good. I know, maybe you could find a nice Earth Kingdom family to adopt
      you.
      Zuko: Stop it, you&#x27;re lying. (holding his blanket for security) Dad would
      never do that to me.
      Ursa: (voice over) Your father would never do what to you? (cut to Ursa
      entering the room) What is going on here?
      Azula: (innocently) I don&#x27;t know.
      Ursa: (grabbing Azula) It&#x27;s time for a talk.

      (Ursa leads her out of the room.)

      Zuko: (almost chanting) Azula always lies? Azula always lies?

      (The flashback ends once again. In the present, Zuko is asleep on the
      ground, but chants along with his younger self just seen in the
      flashback.)

      Zuko: Azula always lies?

      (Zuko awakes at the sound of a wagon approaching. It is Sela. She is
      distraught.)

      Sela: You have to help. It&#x27;s Lee. (getting off the wagon and approaching
      Zuko) The thugs from town came back as soon as Gansu left. When they
      ordered us to give them food, Lee pulled a knife on them. I don&#x27;t even
      know where he got a knife! Then they took him away. They told me if he&#x27;s
      old enough to fight, he&#x27;s old enough to join the army. I know we barely
      know you, but?

      (She begins to cry. The screen zooms back in an instant to reveal that
      Zuko is now standing.)

      Zuko: I&#x27;ll get your son back.

      (Cut to a slow pan right shot of Zuko&#x27;s face. Cut to black for commercial
      break.)

      Act III

      (The show returns to a shot of Zuko riding into the village. The sun is
      setting and it casts a golden hue over the scene. He rides under a tall
      paifang gate that looks like it could be straight from a western.

      Cut to a shot of Lee tied to a post. His head snaps up at the sound of
      Zuko&#x27;s approach. He smiles.)

      Lee: Hey! There he is! I told you he?d come.

      (Gow and his men emerge from the shadows. Still silhouetted by the light
      from the sunset, Zuko dismounts and takes off his hat. Zuko and Gow face
      off, the latter backed by his men.)

      Zuko: (in a threatening tone) Let the kid go.
      Gow: (laughing, then in an equally threatening tone) Who do you think you
      are? Telling us what to do?

      (Cut to an overhead shot of the face off, panning down. Zuko and his mount
      cast a long shadow due to the angle of the sun.)

      Zuko: It doesn&#x27;t matter who I am, but I know who you are. You&#x27;re not
      soldiers. (cut to a shot of Zuko&#x27;s face) You&#x27;re bullies. Freeloaders,
      abusing your power. Mostly over women and kids. You don&#x27;t want Lee in your
      army. You&#x27;re sick cowards messing with a family who&#x27;s already lost one son
      to the war.

      (Cut to a wide, profile shot of Zuko and his antagonists.)

      Gow: (to his men after a pause) Are you going to let this stranger stand
      there and insult you like this?

      (The soldier to Gow&#x27;s left brandishes his spear and walks forward. Zuko
      pulls back as the soldier lunges, then draws the handle of his swords
      right into the stomach of the charging thug. The soldier is knocked
      backwards, gets up and runs off.

      Another solider runs at Zuko with his spear, but Zuko blocks and then
      brings him to the ground with a palm blow to the forehead. This thug gets
      up and runs away as well.

      The last pawn charges Zuko with his spear, but Zuko breaks it in half with
      a blow. The thug drops the remains and runs. Cut to Lee, who laughs with
      delight. Cut to a shot of the crowd that has gathered, Sela is among them.
      She is amazed at what she has seen.

      Gow, made of sterner stuff than his men, draws his two war hammers and
      adopts a bending stance. Zuko in turns draws his broadswords. Gow slams
      the ground with one hammer, raises a rock and hits it with the other
      hammer. It flies at Zuko, who shatters it with his blades. Gow repeats the
      move twice in rapid succession. Zuko destroys one rock, but is hit in the
      gut by the other. He recovers at runs at Gow with his blades.

      Cut to the crowd.)

      Old Man: Give him a left! A left!
      Old Woman: It&#x27;s not a fist fight.
      Old Man: He&#x27;s got a left sword, don&#x27;t he?

      (Zuko continues rushing his opponents. He chops several more rock, but is
      again thrown backwards by one that gets through. He staggers.

      Cut back to the crowd.)

      Old Man: Look out!
      Lee: Behind you!

      (Switch back to Zuko who is being steadily driven back by Gow. The thug
      leader alternates hammers as he smacks the ground, each time raising rocks
      and hurling them at the banished prince. Finally, with a mighty blow to
      the ground, Gow raises up a shock wave of earth and rock that travels
      along the ground between him and his opponent. A huge rock erupts from the
      ground as the shock wave nears Zuko, striking him in the chest and
      throwing him to the ground. The crowd gasps as Zuko falls in the dust, an
      expression of pain on his face.

      The screen flashes white as the flashback resumes. Young Zuko is again
      asleep in his bed.)

      Zuko: (sleepily) Mom?

      (Cut to Zuko sitting up, his mother silhouetted in the dark near him.)

      Ursa: Zuko, please, my love, listen to me. Everything I?ve done, (she hugs
      him) I?ve done to protect you. Remember this Zuko. No matter how things
      may seem to change, never forget who you are.

      (She lets him go and walks down the dark hall out of his room.

      Cut back to the present with a quick shot of his face, then a wide
      overhead shot that show&#x27;s Zuko laid out flat on the ground. The dust from
      his fall is still settling. Gow approaches. Cut to Lee, still tied up.)

      Lee: (whispers desperately) Get up.

      (Switch to a close shot of Zuko. He opens his eyes and screams in fury. He
      spins as he gets up, firebending a circle of fire around him. Gow draws
      back, dropping his hammers. Zuko fires a blast at Gow that hits him full
      in the stomach. The thug is shot back and falls to the ground.

      Cut to Zuko who finishes getting up. He is wreathed in fire and his
      expression is angry. Lee looks in surprise.

      Gow recovers and gets back up. He assumes a bending stance. Zuko charges
      him, sending many bolts of fire from his blade in Gow&#x27;s direction. One
      hits and the thyg is thrown back into the wall of a nearby building. Part
      of it collapses on him after he impacts.)

      Gow: (weakly) Who, who are you?

      (Cut to a shot from Gow&#x27;s p.o.v., looking up at the wrathful Fire Prince.)

      Zuko: (with confidence) My name is Zuko. Son of Ursa and Fire Lord Ozai.
      (sheathing his swords) Prince of the Fire Nation and heir to the throne.

      (Cut to a wide, overhead shot as the crowds begins to chatter, then cut to
      Lee, who&#x27;s shocked expression remains. Switch back to the crowd.)

      Old Man: (pointing) Liar! I heard of you. You&#x27;re not a prince, you&#x27;re an
      outcast! His own father burned and disowned him.

      (Zuko turns away from the old man, ignoring the comment. Instead, he walks
      over to Gow, who cowers at the Fire Prince&#x27;s approach. He bends down and
      takes the dagger back that the thug had apparently taken from Lee. He
      walks over to where Sela is untying Lee. After this is done, she moves in
      front of Lee as Zuko approaches, shielding him.)

      Sela: Not a step closer.

      (Kneeling down and offering the dagger to Lee, who looks out from behind
      his mother.)

      Zuko: It&#x27;s yours. You should have it.
      Lee: No, I hate you.

      (He turns and walks away with his mother. Zuko kneels behind them, still
      silhouetted by the sun. The crowd stands still behind him.

      The screen flashes white and the flashback begins anew.

      Young Zuko get&#x27;s up out of bed and runs down the hall as he calls for his
      mother.)

      Zuko: Mom? Mom, mom!

      (Cut to young Azula who leans against a pillar somewhere in the palace,
      playing with Zuko&#x27;s knife. She steps out from behind the pillar as Zuko
      passes.)

      Zuko: (slightly panicked) Where&#x27;s mom?
      Azula: No one knows. Oh, and last night, Grandpa passed away.
      Zuko: Not funny, Azula. You&#x27;re sick. And I want my knife back, now.

      (He grabs for the knife, but she dodges and holds the knife out in front
      of her, taunting him.)

      Azula: Who&#x27;s going to make me? Mom?

      (He grabs the knife and runs out of the room. He runs into the garden
      where Ozai looks out over the pond.)

      Zuko: Where is she?
      (His father does not reply. Zuko looks down in despair.

      Fade to a shot of larger pool. The screen tilts up to reveal a ceremonial
      plaza somewhere in the palace. It is packed with people. As the Fire Sage
      speaks, the camera shows various shots of the funeral audience. On the
      dais stands the gold sarcophagus and the Fire Sage presiding over the
      ceremony. Around the sarcophagus stand members of the royal family,
      including Ozai, Azula and Zuko, all dressed in white.)

      Fire Sage: (voice over at first) Azulon, Fire Lord to our nation for 23
      years. You were our fearless (cut to a shot tilting up showing the Fire
      Sage with Azulon&#x27;s gold sarcophagus behind him) leader in the battle of
      Gar Sai. Our matchless conqueror of the Hu Sin provinces. You were father
      of Iroh. Father of Ozai. Husband of Ila, now passed. Grandfather of Lu
      Ten, now passed. Grandfather of Zuko and Azula.

      (The Fire Sage turns and approached the sarcophagus. He reaches in and
      takes the Fire Lord&#x27;s diadem. In the foreground, Ozai walks forward, his
      back to the camera.)

      Fire Sage: We lay you to rest.

      (The Fire Sage holds the diadem above his head as two firebenders on the
      left and right light fire to the sarcophagus. With the fire of the funeral
      pyre burning behind him, the Fire Sage crowns the new Fire Lord.)

      Fire Sage: As was your dying wish, you are now succeeded by your second
      son. (he puts the diadem on Ozai&#x27;s head, whose face is still not shown,
      and exits the frame to the right) Hail Fire Lord Ozai!

      (Cut to a wide, long shot of the dais from down below where the audience
      stands. As Ozai stands up from being crowned, the audience bows low.
      Switch to a shot from behind Ozai looking out over the enormous field
      below, filled with his subjects. Cut to a profile shot of Azula and Zuko,
      wearing white, bowing to their father. Azula has her customary cruel grin.
      Zuko looks over at his sister in fear, then looks ahead.

      The flashback ends. Returning to the present we see a close up of Zuko. He
      is riding away from the village on his ostrich horse, his round hat back
      on his head. Cut to a wide shot of Zuko riding out of the village with
      either side of the street lined with villagers. An Earth Kingdom flag
      flies in the breeze on the left of the frame. Switch to a shot of some
      villagers, including Lee, as Zuko leaves. They look upon him with dull
      hatred.

      Zuko rides into the sunset. Fade to white.)

      [End Credits]
</pre>

## 中文

<pre class="script">
第七回
祖寇单飞
拜托，来个“豹子”
（原文spider snake eyes 蛛蛇眼？）
我想要点水，一包饲料，再来碗热汤面
你的钱不够，只够买两包饲料
嘿，是你朝我们扔的鸡蛋吗？
没有
看到是谁干的吗？
没有
你不是只会说“没有”吧
鸡蛋总不能凭空出现吧
没准正好有只鸡飞过
感谢你的捐赠
军队对你的贡献将不胜感激
你最好离开这村镇
对肆意逗留的人的刑罚
你小子可吃不消
相信我没错的
当兵的理应保护我们远离火宗的侵害
而他们只是群披着兵衣的地痞无赖罢了
多谢你刚才罩着我
不如来我家吧，顺便帮你喂一下鸵鸟马
来嘛，就当我报答你的
一般人我都不带他来这儿
谢谢啊
你是李的朋友吗？
他不仅敢直面那些兵痞
更厉害的是，他还把他们给吓走了
敢问壮士尊姓大名啊
我叫...呃...
塞拉，不要对人家刨根问底
只要是敢和恃强凌弱的兵痞对抗的人
都是我们的朋友
那些兵简直就是土强国的耻辱
真正士兵都去参战了，就像李的大哥苏森一样
晚饭就快做好了，留下来吃吧
不了，我还要赶路
正好苏干修谷仓需要帮手，劳烦你搭把手
一会儿咱们就开饭
你看起来好像不是本地人啊
你打哪儿来啊？
从来处来
哦，那要去哪儿呢？
李，别烦人家了
打听别人的隐私是很不礼貌的
好的
对了，你脸上的疤咋弄得
追问别人不愿意回答的问题可不礼貌啊
别人有权对自己的过去保持沉默
嘿，额娘，想看看阿祖拉是怎么喂龟鸭的吗？
祖寇，你干嘛那么做？
蠢龟鸭，它干嘛要那样？
祖寇，天下的母亲都是一样的
如果有人也这样欺负你的话
我也会上去咬他的
阿祖拉
看我的，额娘，能让祖寇跟我们一起玩吗？
我们正好三缺一
-我可不想当什么车轱辘
-谁让你当了，再说车轱辘又不是什么游戏，笨笨
我不管
我不想跟你玩
你们可是兄妹，应该时常聚在一起
我说的对吧，额娘
没错，亲爱的，和你妹妹玩是个好主意
去吧，就玩一会儿
咱们这么玩，要设法把其他人头上的苹果打掉
就像这样
看吧，我就说会奏效吧
噢，他们在一起好般配啊
你们两个真是...呃
我正到处找你们呢
你们的艾洛皇叔从前线发了封信回来
你怎么浑身都湿透了
那帮丫头都疯了
如果永固城象它的城墙一样宏伟
那我倒是应该去见识见识
希望你们也能来瞧瞧
希望那时我没将它夷为平地
就写到这儿吧
希望礼物你们能喜欢
给祖寇的是把珍珠匕首
是在攻破外城时从一名将军那儿缴获的
这匕首做工不错
注意看上面的刻字
非战不屈
给阿祖拉介绍个新朋友
她穿着的可是土强国最流行的时装哦
如果皇叔战死沙场的话
阿玛应该就会继任成为烈火国的国君吧？
阿祖拉，怎么能那么说话
艾洛皇叔要是回不来该多糟啊
更何况，烈火王阿祖龙身体康健
如果路腾堂兄期盼阿玛死去，你能好受吗？
我还是觉得阿玛会是更好的烈火王人选
比那个只爱喝贡茶的家伙强多了
拿刀的姿势完全错了
记住，这把叫雌雄刀
两部分合而化一
别以为它们是分开的，他们可是个整体
只是一种武器的两个部分而已
你就像我的大哥苏森
他以前经常耍功夫给我看
拿着吧，够在路上吃几顿的
他们想来干什么？
找麻烦
高，你们来干什么？
觉得总该有人来捎个话，你儿子的军队被俘了
知道火宗人是怎么对待上一批战俘的吗？
缴了械，让他们穿上火宗的军服
然后把他们推上前线
看着他们自相残杀
你给我闭嘴
你干嘛和这些睡在泥里的猪混在一起
艾洛失去了他的儿子，你的路腾堂兄战死了
我哥哥会怎么样？
我得去前线看看，找到森苏，把他带回来
我老爸不在的时候，你会留下来吗？
不了，我要继续赶路
这刀给你，收下吧
念念上面的字
土强国制造
是另一面
非战不屈
浪费时间玩那个刀有什么用
再怎么练也是那德行
不信你就拿个苹果放在头上
我让你看看我有多强
顺便说一句
皇叔回来了
这么说我们打赢了？
没
那意味着皇叔是个逃兵，是个废物
你瞎说些什么？
皇叔可不是逃兵
他就是，他儿子死后他就一蹶不振
真正的将军应该留在战场
将永固城夷为平地
而不是吃了败仗就跑回家哭
你都知道些什么？
从此要与他的独子从此阴阳两隔，他可能过于悲伤了
你们阿玛要带你们去见烈火王阿祖龙
穿上朝服，快点
烈火王阿祖龙？
干嘛不直接叫皇祖父
他已经廉颇老矣
不久之后就会让位给别人了
小姑娘，管好你的嘴
真不知道这孩子到底是怎么了？
你们的曾祖父孙进是如何赢得“寒腿之战”（音译）的？
曾祖父能战胜，是因为...
是因为尽管敌众我寡，他仍能观察到我方的优势
敌方处于下风向，且正值旱季
所以他们瞬间就被烧得灰飞烟灭了
答得好
现在，给我展示一下你新学的招式吧
真是个习武奇才啊
他不光继承了您的名字
更继承了您的才智
你永远也超不过我的
我也想展示一下我新学的招式
我失败了
没有啊，打得不错
这就是你，不管多困难也会坚持奋斗的人
欧宰，干嘛浪费时间让我看这些西洋景
有话就直说吧，其他人退下吧
你到底...
父皇，你可能也意识到了
路腾死后，艾洛已经没有子嗣了
在他儿子战死后，皇兄更放弃了对永固城的进攻
也不知道他什么时候能回来
可是我在这儿，父皇
更有子女绕膝
有话直言
父皇
废黜了艾洛吧
我是您谦卑的奴仆，让我来为您和国家尽忠吧
立我为太子吧
你竟敢背叛你的皇兄
更何况此时他的儿子仍还尸骨未寒
我看艾洛受的苦已经够多了
该是惩戒你的时候了
父亲会杀了你的
真的会
哈哈，阿祖拉，我好怕怕啊
那好，你不用信我
可我什么都听见了
皇祖父说为了让阿玛记住教训
让他也知道知道失去长子的痛苦
也就是牺牲你
胡扯
我跟你说都是为了你好
也许能找到一个善良的土强国家庭收养你
别说了，住嘴
阿玛不会那么做的
傻孩子，你在说什么呢？
发生什么事了？
我不知道
该是时候好好谈谈了
阿祖拉总是撒谎...阿祖拉总是撒谎...
阿祖拉总是撒谎
拜托你帮帮忙，李出事了
苏干刚走那群兵痞就来了
他们命令我们给他们吃的，李拔出把匕首要反抗
我都不知道那刀他是从哪得来的
他们把他带走了，说他够大了
已经到岁数该参军了
我知道咱们萍水相逢，但是...
我会带你儿子回来的
嘿！他来了！我就说他会来的
放了那个孩子
你算老几啊？敢命令我们
我是谁并不重要，不过我知道你们是谁
你们根本不是什么士兵
只是一群无赖
路霸，恃强凌弱
简直连猪狗都不如
你们并不是要征李入伍
你们这帮懦夫只会欺负
这种境遇窘迫的家庭
还在这儿愣着干嘛
就任由这个人辱骂我们？
给他一记左勾拳，左勾拳！
他们又不是在比拳
那就使个左手剑，这总行了吧?
小心
当心后面
额娘
祖寇
祖寇，我的心肝，听我说，我所做的都是为了保护你
记住祖寇，不管世事将如何变化
不要忘记自己是谁
起来啊
你，你是谁？
我是祖寇，娥萨与烈火王欧宰之子
（Ursa:大熊座，这里指祖寇之母，暂译为娥萨）
烈火王的王子，未来王位的继承人
骗子，我听说过你
你不是什么太子，只是个被流放的废人
被自己的父亲烧伤后遗弃
你别再靠近了
这是你的，你留着吧
我不要，我恨你
额娘
额娘
额娘
额娘去哪儿啦？
没人知道，对了，昨晚，皇祖父去世了
别开这种玩笑，阿祖拉，你个疯子
把我的匕首还给我，马上
你又想找谁来求救，额娘吗？
她在哪儿？
烈火王阿祖龙，在位年
您曾是格赛之战中无畏的领袖
收服湖心省的无敌的征服者
您曾是艾洛之父，欧宰之父，埃拉之夫
如今却撒手归西
您曾是陆坦的祖父，祖寇和阿祖拉的祖父，
如今却驾鹤西游
安息吧，尊您遗诏
你的次子将承袭皇位
烈火王欧宰万岁！万岁！万万岁！
-=未完待续=-

水善国
土强国
火烈国
气和国
很久以前，这四大国和谐共处
然而，烈火国发起的战争结束了和平
只有同时掌握四种元素的降世神通才能结束战争
然而在大家最需要他的时候，他却消失了
年后，我和哥哥发现了转世的降世神通，
他是个御气师，名叫“安昂”
尽管他的御气术着实厉害
在拯救苍生之前，他要学的还有很多
但是我坚信
安昂 能拯救这个世界
-=降世神通=-
最后的气宗

降世神通 前情提要
倘若想抓住我的猎物，我必须要敏捷而伶俐
我需要一支精锐的小分队
虽然我生来就双目失明，但并没有影响我的“视觉”
御土术就是我的眼睛
拓芙，你会是个很棒的师傅
你说过的话让我想了很多
真的吗？
很好，很好
正所谓道不同不相为谋
咱们还是分道扬镳吧
第二卷
土
</pre>
