# S02E02 - The Cave of Two Lovers

**Languages:** English / 中文

## English

<pre class="script">
      The Cave of Two Lovers

      Written By: Josh Hamilton
      Directed By: Lauren Macmullan
      Storyboard By: Lauren Macmullan, Chris Graham, Kenji Ono, Dean Kelly,
      Tomihiro Yamaguchi
      Animation By: JM Animation Co, Ltd
      Transcriber: Acastus and Pandora

      [Introduction sequence]

      Act I

      (The episode opens with a daytime shot of the sky and cliffs covered in
      vegetation. The camera pans down and to the right to show that the cliffs
      have been cut by a river that runs at its bottom. Three figures appear in
      the river near a sand beach on its far bank. Two of the figures, Aang and
      Katara face each other like gunslingers in front of a natural arch of
      stone that protrudes from the cliff wall. The third, Sokka, rides lazily
      in a boat made of an enormous leaf.)

      Sokka: You guys are gonna be done soon, right‌

      (Cut to a side shot of Sokka floating past the camera in the foreground.
      He is naked except for a white loincloth. His hair is no longer in a pony
      tail and now lies tangled in a wet mass on his head. In the background,
      Katara too has dispensed with her normal blue garb. She wears the
      equivalent of a white two piece bathing suit. She is in a bending stance
      as she faces Aang across from her, who is naked from the waist up and also
      in a martial arts stance.)

      Sokka: We’ve got a lot of ground to cover if we wanna make it to Omashu
      today.

      (Katara drops her bending stance and slumps over at Sokka’s statement,
      then turns to face him with an arched eyebrow as she replies.)

      Katara: (teasingly) What, like you’re ready to go right now, naked guy‌
      Sokka: I can be ready in two minutes. Seriously. (He lifts his hair to
      look at them and lets his arm drop lazily back into the water.) Whenever.
      Aang: So, you were showing me the octopus form.
      Katara: Right. Let me see your stance. (evaluates Aang’s form and comes
      over to correct it) Your arms are too far apart. See, if you move them
      closer together you protect your center. You got it‌
      Aang: (blushing, slightly flustered) Oh… yeah. Thanks.

      (She drops her hold on him and walks back to her former position. She
      turns around to face him once again in a bending stance.)

      Katara: Okay, let’s see what you got.

      (Cut to a shot of Aang’s feet in the water. His hands enter the shot from
      above as he raises some water from the river. Cut to a wider shot as Aang
      finishes pulling up a large blob of water. With a smooth motion he causes
      the blob to sprout about a dozen, wide tentacles. Katara then begins to
      rapid fire icicles at him. The first one is grabbed and deflected in mid
      air by one of Aang’s water tentacles. After several more are deflected,
      cut to Katara, back to the camera, legs wide apart, raising, freezing and
      shooting ice projectiles at Aang who is off screen to the right. Cut back
      to Aang, who dodges Katara’s icicles and then uses one of his water
      tentacles to lash at Katara who is off screen to the left. Cut back to a
      close shot of Katara from the front. She is slightly surprised as Aang’s
      water tentacle grabs her leg and yanks tight. Then she straightens, places
      her hands on her hips and smiles as she addresses the Avatar.)

      Katara: You make a fine octopus, Pupil Aang.

      (Cut back to Aang, who is now encased in the bubble of water, his arms
      and, consequently, his tentacles waving lazily around him. He is clearly
      having fun imitating an octopus. Cut to Sokka still lying in his leaf
      boat, Momo draped across him. Momo raises his head, his head and ears
      filling most of the screen and blocking Sokka as music and singing is
      heard from off camera.

      Cut to a wide shot of the kids in the water looking towards the beach from
      where the sounds are coming from, then cut to a view from somewhere along
      the path to the beach within the forest. A group of travelers dressed in
      colorful mix of Asian and Polynesian styles walk by playing instruments
      and singing. The one carrying a guitar like instrument and wearing a
      wreath of flowers begins to sing softly.)

      Chong: (singing) Don’t fall in love with a traveling girl. She’ll leave
      you broke and broken hearted…

      (Cut to a frontal shot of the troupe as they sing and dance their way
      forward. The woman on his left wears black and pink, has big hair adorned
      with a single flower and plays a flute. A rotund fellow behind him wears a
      white and pink robe, a coolie hat and plays a drum.

      Cut back to the kids in the river watching them approach. Suddenly,
      Sokka’s leaf boats capsizes and he yells as he falls into the water. Cut
      back to the singers as they stop, finally noticing the kids.)

      Chong: (smiling and pointing briefly at them) Heh-hey! River people!
      Katara: (gesturing negatively with her hands as Sokka resurfaces behind
      her, Momo landing on his hand) We’re not river people.
      Chong: You’re not‌ Well then what kind of people are ya‌
      Aang: Just… people.
      Chong: (pleased) Aren’t we all, brother‌ Whoo.

      (Sokka walks into the shot from the left, still mostly naked and with Momo
      perched on his shoulder. He has grown noticeably since the prior season.)

      Sokka: (with an accusing finger pointed at Chong) Who’re you‌
      Chong: I’m Chong, and this is my wife Lily. (He indicates the woman on the
      left. She makes a little curtsy.) We’re nomads, happy to go wherever the
      wind takes us!

      (He riffs on his guitar like a real world rock star for a moment, his
      voice not matching the various random notes he plays.)

      Aang: You guys are nomads‌ That’s great! I’m a nomad.
      Chong: Hey, me too.
      Aang: (flatly) I know… you just said that.
      Chong: Oh. (His attention wanders elsewhere, then to Sokka) Nice
underwear.

      (Cut to close shot of Sokka and his mostly naked body, Aang and Katara
      behind him. His eyes bulge at the sudden realization that he is wearing
      very little in front of complete strangers. He grabs Momo and places him
      strategically over his body and sidles rapidly off the screen.

      (Cut to a close up shot of Iroh’s face. He is looking a pretty white and
      red flower in the foreground. Cut to a wider shot of Iroh squatting in
      front of the plant, mesmerized. He is in a forest and is wearing a dark
      green shirt and trousers. A bush begins moving in the background and a
      series of grunts are heard as Zuko, clad similar to his Uncle, emerges
      from it. Short black hair now covers his head.)

      Zuko: (frustrated) I didn’t find anything to eat. I can’t live like this.
      I wasn’t meant to be a fugitive. (kicks at the ground angrily) This is
      impossible!

      (Iroh sniffs the flower deeply.)

      Zuko: (more calmly) Uncle… what are you doing‌
      Iroh: You’re looking at the rare white dragon bush. (lovingly) Its leaves
      make a tea so delicious it’s heartbreaking! (gravely) That, or it’s the
      white jade bush, which is poisonous.

      Zuko: We need food, not tea. I’m going fishing.

      (Zuko exits right.)

      Iroh: (still contemplating and stroking his chin) Delectable tea‌ Or
      deadly poison‌

      (Cut to a close up of Appa’s left eye. Around his eyebrow lie several
      braided locks of his fur which are adorned with many small, pink flowers.
      Appa groans. His eye looks up as the camera pans up to reveal one of the
      nameless members of Chong’s troupe braiding his hair. Cut to a wide shot
      of Appa lying down on the beach in front of the river. Everyone but Sokka
      is lying on or close to Appa listening to Chong play his instrument. Sokka
      himself approaches from the left side of the screen.)

      Aang: Hey, Sokka, you should hear some of these stories. These guys have
      been everywhere.
      Chong: (stops playing) Well, not everywhere, Little Arrowhead. But where
      we haven’t been we’ve heard about through stories and songs.

      (Cut to frontal shot of Sokka who raises an eyebrow in skepticism at
      this.)

      Aang: They said they’ll take us to see a giant night crawler.
      Moku: (dreamily) On the way there’s a waterfall that creates a
      never-ending rainbow.
      Sokka: (firmly) Look, I hate to be the wet blanket here but since Katara
      is busy I guess it’s up to me. (Katara, whose hair is being braided by
      Lily, looks crossly up at Sokka at this) We need to get to Omashu.
      (Counting off the verboten distractions on his hand) No sidetracks, no
      worms, and definitely no rainbows.
      Chong: Whoa… sounds like someone’s got a case of “destination fever,” heh.
      You’re worried too much about where you’re going.
      Lily: You’ve gotta focus less on the “where” and more on the “going.”
      Sokka: (emphatically) O. Ma. Shu.

      (Sokka’s face gets further distended and exaggerated with each syllable
      until his warped features almost fill the screen.)

      Katara: Sokka’s right. We need to find King Bumi so Aang can learn
      earthbending somewhere safe.
      Chong: Well, sounds like you’re headed to Omashu. (Sokka smacks his
      forehead loudly at this.) There’s an old story about a secret pass…
      (ominously) …right through the mountains.
      Katara: (skeptically) Is this real or a legend‌
      Chong: Oh, it’s a real legend. And it’s as old as earthbending itself.
      (starts playing his guitar and sings) Two lovers, forbidden from one
      another… a war divides their people, and a mountain divides them apart.
      Built a path to be together. (stops and says normally) Yeah, and I forget
      the next couple of lines, but then it goes… (sings enthusiastically as
      everyone else dances) Secret tunnel! Secret tunnel! Through the mountain!
      Secret, secret, secret, secret tunnel! Yeah!

      (Everyone enjoys the song except Sokka, who looks miserable. On the last
      note, Chong concludes his chord with a flourish that leaves his left index
      finger pointed to the sky in a gesture of triumph. His audience, except
      Sokka, claps enthusiastically.)

      Sokka: I think we’ll just stick with flying. We’ve dealt with the Fire
      Nation before. We’ll be fine.
      Aang: Yeah. Thanks for the help, but Appa hates going underground and we
      need to do whatever makes Appa most comfortable.

      (Aang smiles widely at the end of this statement. Abrupt cut to a shot of
      a Fire Nation Commander in front of two long lines of Fire Nation
      catapults. The screen expands to show even more catapults in the
      surrounding area.)

      Commander: Launch!

      (All the catapults fire simultaneously. Cut to Appa in mid flight,
      fireballs closing in around him. Appa opens his mouth to grunt and the
      camera angle flies right into it. Cut to Appa dodging fireballs at high
      speed, the cut to a close up of the kids on Appa’s back.)

      Aang, Sokka, and Katara: (terrified) AAAAAHHHHH!

      (Cut to Chong and his band sitting by a log in the forest. The kids enter
      from the left, covered in ash and looking depressed.)

      Sokka: (unenthusiastically) Secret love cave. Let’s go.

      (Cut to a shot of the forest canopy. It is still daytime. The camera pans
      down and stops as Zuko enters the frame from the right. He carries a long
      fishing pole and a sour expression. The camera pans right to reveal the
      present source of Zuko’s misery. At the end of his enormous fishing pole
      he has succeeding in spearing what looks like a minnow. It wiggles
      pathetically. Zuko begins to speak from o.c., then cut to wide, overhead
      shot of Zuko standing behind Iroh from a point somewhere in the upper
      branches of a nearby tree.)

      Iroh: Zuko, remember that plant that I thought might be tea‌
      Zuko: (horrified) You didn’t!
      Iroh: I did. (Iroh turns around to reveal his red, swollen face which he
      is scratching) And it wasn’t.
      Zuko: (in repulsion) Yah!
      Iroh: (calmly while scratching) When the rash spreads to my throat I will
      stop breathing. (excitedly) But look what I found! These are bacui
      berries, known to cure the poison of the white jade plant. That, or
      macahoni berries that cause blindness.
      Zuko: (losing his patience) We’re not taking any more chances with these
      plants! We need to get help.
      Iroh: But where are we going to go‌ We’re enemies of the Earth Kingdom,
      and fugitives from the Fire Nation.
      Zuko: (musingly) If the Earth Kingdom, discovers us, they’ll have us
      killed.
      Iroh: But if the Fire Nation discovers us, we’ll be turned over to Azula.

      (They nod to each other in agreement.)

      Zuko: Earth Kingdom it is.

      (Iroh and Zuko walk off the screen to the right as the show cuts to a wide
      of Appa, the kids and Chong’s group walking along a wide street lined with
      what look like the ruins of temples.)

      Sokka: How far are we from the tunnel.
      Chong: Actually, it’s not just one tunnel. The lovers didn’t want anyone
      to find out about their love, so they built a whole labyrinth.

      (Sokka turns to face the others in a pose of horror, his hands holding the
      sides of his head.)

      Sokka: Labyrinth‌!
      Chong: I’m sure we’ll figure it out.

      (Sokka turns and begins walking again. The rest follow.)

      Lily: All you need to do is trust in love. According to the curse.

      (At this Sokka stops, standing bolt upright. The others pass him.)

      Sokka: (in exasperation) Curse‌!

      (Cut to a long shot of the top of a gulley or small canyon. The camera
      pans down to reveal the moss covered entrance to a large tunnel in the
      cliff face. The group stands in front of it. The tunnel is so large that
      Appa can easily be accommodated.)

      Chong: Hey-hey, we’re here!

      (Cut to a shot of a plaque with some writing on the wall of the cave
      entrance. Sokka speaks from o.c.)

      Sokka: What exactly is this curse‌

      (Cut to a wide overhead shot of the group from the viewpoint of the top of
      the cave entrance.)

      Chong: The curse says that only those who trust in love can make it
      through the caves. Otherwise you’ll be trapped in them forever.
      Lily: And die.
      Chong: Oh, yeah, and die. Hey, I just remembered the rest of that song.
      (strums a chord on his guitar and sings low and dramatically) And die!
      Sokka: (aggravated) That’s it! There’s no way we’re going through some
      cursed hole!

      (Cut to a shot of Moku and the two nameless members of Chong’s band.
      Behind them in the distance a shaft of smoke curls towards the heavens.
      Moku and the others turn and see the smoke.)

      Moku: (cheerfully and pointing at the column of smoke) Hey, someone’s
      making a big campfire!
      Katara: That’s no campfire, Moku.
      Sokka: That’s Fire Nation. They’re tracking us.

      (Cut to a wider shot of the group from behind, with Chong in the
      foreground and Aang and Katara in the background, their backs to the
      camera. Aang looks over his shoulder at Chong with an uncertain
      expression.)

      Aang: So all you need is to trust in love to get through these caves‌
      Chong: That is correct, Master Arrowhead.

      (Aang turns to look at Katara. Cut to a close up shot of Katara’s back,
      where a soft breeze blows her hair and robes slightly. Cut to a close up
      shot of Aang’s eyes, shining with adoration, that pans slowly right. Cut
      back to the wider shot of Aang, Katara and Chong. Aang turns away from
      Katara and looks back at Chong with a smile.)

      Aang: We can make it.
      Sokka: Everyone into the hole!

      (The group makes its way slowly into the tunnel, Appa groaning in protest,
      but still following.

      Cut a long shot of a Fire Nation tank rapidly approaching the camera, then
      cut to another overhead shot from the cavern entrance. Several tanks pull
      to a stop in front of the cave entrance. Cut to a close up shot of the
      Commander in his tank.)

      Commander: (o.c.) Hold on! It’s too dangerous. (cut to him half out of his
      tank) Haven’t you heard the song‌ Just close them in. The mountain will
      take care of the rest.

      (Cut to a frontal shot of the tanks. The canister containing the
      projectile grappling hooks rotates upward. The tanks fire their grappling
      hooks into the top of the tunnel and pulls down a large amount of rock,
      completely blocking the entrance. Cut to an interior shot of the cave
      where the group turns in horror as the cave entrance collapses. Fade to
      black for commercial break.)

      Act II

      (The show returns to reveal a dark, overhead shot of the group inside the
      tunnel. Appa, on his hind legs, frantically tries to dig his way out of
      the trap.)

      Katara: (sympathetically) It’s okay, Appa. We’ll be fine. (less
      confidently) I hope.

      (Cut to a shot of Sokka, Chong behind him holding a lit torch.)

      Sokka: We will be fine. All we need is a plan. Chong, how long do those
      torches last‌
      Chong: Eh, about two hours each.
      Lily: And we have five torches so that’s… (she takes the other four
      torches she is holding a strikes then on the ground like matches, lighting
      them instantly) ten hours.
      Sokka: (while stomping out the torches she lit) It doesn’t work like that
      if they’re all lit at the same time!

      (Sokka runs over and stomps them out.)

      Lily: (spacey) Ohh, right.
      Sokka: I’m gonna make a map to keep track of exactly where we’ve been.
      Then we should be able to solve it like a maze and get through.

      (Cut to an overhead shot of the group as they slowly move deeper into the
      tunnel, followed by a cut to an exterior shot of an Earth Kingdom village
      by a lake, followed by a quick cut of the exterior of the village’s
      hospital. The scene shifts rapidly to an interior shot of a room where a
      doctor is working with a patient who is on a table in front of him on his
      back. The camera pans right to reveal Iroh sitting on another table, naked
      from the waist up, being attended by Song, a young woman who is a healer
      at the hospital. Iroh is covered with the red rash from eating the white
      jade flower. Song is applying a clay like substance to the rash. Zuko sits
      behind the young woman in the background, a coolie hat obscuring his face
      as he looks toward the floor.)

      Song: You two must not be from around here. We know better than to touch
      the white jade, much less make it into tea and drink it.
      Iroh: (sheepishly) Heh heh heh. Whoops!
      Song: So where are you traveling from‌
      Zuko: (standing and talking quickly) Yes, we’re travelers.
      Song: Do you have names‌
      Zuko: (hesitantly) Names‌ Of course we have names. I’m… Lee. And this is
      my uncle, uh… Mushi.

      (Iroh shoots him an unhappy look from behind Song’s back.)

      Iroh: (facetiously) Yes, my nephew was named after his father, so we just
      call him Junior.

      (Iroh looks over Song’s shoulder at “Junior,” who balls his fists at the
      name his uncle has just bestowed on him.)

      Song: Mushi and Junior, huh‌ My name is Song. You two look like you could
      use a good meal. (She turns and swats Iroh’s hand away scratching his
      rash) Why don’t you stay for dinner‌
      Zuko: Sorry, but we need to be moving on.
      Song: That’s too bad. My mom always makes too much roast duck.

      (Iroh’s puffy, clay smeared face enters from the right side of the frame
      to a humorous sound effect.)

      Iroh: Where do you live, exactly‌

      (Cut back to the tunnel, where Sokka is fooling around with a map, the
      others stand behind him.)

      Katara: Sokka, this is the tenth dead end you’ve led us to.
      Sokka: This doesn’t make any sense; we already came through this way.
      Chong: We don’t need a map. We just need love. (Pointing over to Aang) The
      little guy knows it.
      Aang: Yeah, but I wouldn’t mind a map, also.
      Sokka: There’s something strange here. There’s only one explanation. The
      tunnels are changing.

      (A low rumble through the tunnel startles everyone into looking up, then
      cut to a night shot of the exterior of Song and her mother’s house. Cut to
      an interior shot where Zuko, Iroh and Song are seated at a knee high,
      Asian styled table. Song’s mother approaches the table with a plate of
      roast duck.)

      Song’s Mother: (seating herself) My daughter tells me you’re refugees. We
      were once refugees ourselves.
      Song: When I was a little girl, the Fire Nation raided our farming
      village. All the men were taken away. (sadly) That was the last time I saw
      my father.

      (Cut to a close up of Zuko’s eyes as Song finishes and during his reply he
      lowers his gaze.)

      Zuko: I haven’t seen my father in many years.
      Song: Oh. Is he fighting in the war‌

      (Iroh finishes slurping a mouthful of noodles as he looks with some
      trepidation at his nephew to see how he will answer this dangerous
      question. Zuko puts his bowl on the table and replies.)

      Zuko: Yeah.

      (Zuko looks away as the camera cuts back to the tunnel.)

      Chong: (worried) The tunnels… they’re a-changin’. Ah, it must be the
      curse. I knew we shouldn’t have come down here.
      Sokka: (cynically) Right. If only we listened to you.
      Katara: Everyone be quiet. Listen.

      (Sounds are heard in the darkness ahead. Momo jumps off Sokka’s shoulder
      and flies off into the darkness. Sokka looks ahead. Cut to Sokka’s p.o.v.,
      which is the pitch blackness ahead. After a few seconds, a wolf bat flies
      right into the camera. Cut to a wider shot of the group as Sokka is
      knocked over by the bat, which flies around the group members. )

      Chong: It’s a giant flying thing with teeth!
      Moku: (o.c.) No! It’s a wolf-bat!

      (The wolf bat lands on four legs, and folds it wings. After snarling a
      bit, it launches back into the air and flies over the heads of the group.
      Sokka tries to burn it with the torch, but fails. Appa gets burned and
      stampedes around the tunnel. Finally the wolf-bat knocks the torch out of
      Sokka’s hand. It sails through the air and lands on Appa’s toe. Appa rear
      up and cries out in pain. He runs around in anguish, hitting the cave
      walls and causing a cave in. As the roof collapses Aang sends a blast of
      air to get Chong, Sokka and the others out the falling debris’ way. Then
      he turns and tackles Katara to the ground to protect her. When the dust
      settles, Aang, Katara and Appa are separated from Sokka and Chong’s party.

      Cut to Sokka and the others on the opposite side of the cave in. Sokka
      runs to the obstruction and begins to dig frantically. Chong appears over
      his shoulder.)

      Chong: (calmly) Yeah, it’s no use. We’re separated. But at least you have
      us, heh heh.

      (Sokka freezes for a moment as this statement sinks in. Then unleashes a
      howl of despair.)

      Sokka: Noooooooo!

      (He beings digging frantically again at the rocks and causes a mini cave
      in on his head.

      Cut to a shot of a large porch lamp, then to a wide shot of to Zuko
      sitting cross legged on Song’s porch. Song exits the house, walks over and
      sits beside him.)

      Song: (kindly) Can I join you‌ I know what you’ve been through. We’ve all
      been through it. The Fire Nation has hurt you.

      (She reaches out to touch his scar, but Zuko grabs her hand without
      looking before she reaches his face.)

      Song: It’s okay. They’ve hurt me, too.

      (She raises the part of her dress covering her right leg to reveal a
      firebending scar. Cut to a close up of Zuko’s shocked face.

      Shift back to Sokka and Chong’s band. The troupe sings as Sokka leads them
      on, scowling.)

      Chong: (singing cheerfully) Oh, don’t let the cave in get you down. Don’t
      let the falling rocks turn your smile into a frown. When the tunnels are
      darkest that’s when you need a clown, hey! Don’t let the cave in get you
      down, Sokka!

      (Sokka looks sidewise at Chong who is now obviously singing to the dour
      water tribe boy.

      Cut to Aang, Appa and Katara walking through their own tunnel. Katara
      leads them holding a lit torch.)

      Katara: Aang, look!

      (Cut to a wide, long shot of a huge, round stone door ahead of them. They
      run to it.)

      Aang: We found the exit!

      (They both begin to strain with effort trying to push the door open. Appa
      lumbers forward and begins to make noises. Aang and Katara turn to see
      Appa pawing the ground and snorting. They look at each other in alarm,
      realizing Appa’s intentions. They jump out of the frame just as Appa
      charges the door and forces it open. Cut to a shot from behind the door,
      as cracks of light show around the frame of the door as it opens. Cut to a
      wider shot as the door swings open to reveal the three. Aang and Katara
      enter and move deeper into the chamber.)

      Katara: This isn’t the exit.
      Aang: No… it’s a tomb.

      (They move forward to a railing, then cut to a long shot of the three at
      the railing from down inside the tomb near the sarcophagi. Appa grunts and
      the view fades to black for a commercial break.

      Act III

      The show returns to a wide, long shot of Aang and Katara descending a wide
      staircase leading to the sarcophagi at the center of the crypt. They
      approach the dais on which the two coffins rest.)

      Aang: It must be the two lovers from the legend. That’s who’s buried here.

      (Cut to Katara holding her torch up to the side of the dais. A series of
      paintings and writing adorn the side of the dais.)

      Katara: These pictures tell their story.

      (Cut to a wide shot as Aang and Katara look at each other for a second,
      the cut to a shot from behind them, the paintings and writing visible
      between them. The camera closes in on the paintings. As the camera closes
      in on a drawing of a mountain, the screen flashes white. When the image
      returns, the image is now in letterbox format. The animation is different
      as well. It is highly stylized and looks as if it were from Japanese panel
      art.

      The image is still of the mountain and the camera closes in upon it fast.
      As the images unfold, Katara narrates from o.c.)

      Katara: (voice-over) They met on top of the mountain that divided their
      two villages.

      (The mountain fades away, replaced by the image of a long haired woman in
      pink and a man in blue on top of the mountain. She holds the branch or a
      red leafed tree in her hand. This fades, replaced by a close up image of
      their hands touching. Quickly, their hands separate, a Chinese character
      appearing between their hands.)

      Katara: (voice-over) The villages were enemies so they could not be
      together.

      (At this the character turns blood red, and the peaceful background
      becomes pink and sooty.)

      Katara: (voice-over) But their love was strong and they found a way.

      (The character fades in turn and is replaced by a scene of the woman,
      dressed in red, kneeling on his a hill overlooking a panoramic landscape.
      The camera zooms backward and a new hill enters the foreground. On it
      stands the man in blue, gazing longingly at the woman in red. This fades
      and is replaced by a shot of another painting from the side of the dais.
      This painting is of a large animal with claws.)

      Katara: (voice-over) The two lovers learned earthbending from the badger
      moles. They became the first earthbenders.
      (The painting of the badger mole is replaced by a more realistic depiction
      of the creature, and the woman in red appears on the creature’s right, the
      man on the left. The badger mole disappears, replaced by a shot of the man
      and woman, backs to each other, creating tunnels through earthbending.
      This fades and is replaced by a map of the resulting labyrinth, a maze of
      tunnels.)

      Katara: (voice-over) They built elaborate tunnels so they could meet
      secretly. Anyone who tried to follow them would be lost forever in the
      labyrinth.

      (A hole appears in the middle of this map that shows the two lovers
      kissing.)

      Katara: (voice-over) But one day the man didn’t come.

      (The cameo of the two lovers sharing a kiss is replaced by a shot of the
      woman looking to her right in vain, encased in a halo of white, the rest
      of the background in red.)

      Katara: He died in the war between their two villages.

      (A set of black arrows arcs across the sky and across the woman’s form.
      This fades to a shot of the woman kneeling over her lover’s grave,
      heartbroken, her hands holding her face in grief.)

      Katara: (voice-over) Devastated, the woman unleashed a terrible display of
      her earthbending power. She could have destroyed them all.

      (A close up of the woman’s face is replaced by a shot of her standing atop
      a mountain, a red sun behind her, as the camera zooms backward. She stands
      head lowered, her arms straight out from her sides and her palms facing
      outward. As the camera zooms backward, huge columns of rock enter from the
      bottom of the screen.)

      Katara: (voice-over) But instead she declared the war over.

      (The red sun, columns of rock and general uproar fade, replaced by the
      woman still atop of the mountain, but this time with a peaceful new day
      where she is surrounded by cheering villagers.)

      Katara: Both villages helped her build a new city where they would live
      together in peace.

      (Fade to a shot of the city of Omashu. As the shot settles, a blank
      parchment appears in the middle of the screen, partially obscuring the
      city.)

      Katara: (voice-over) The woman’s name was Oma and the man’s name was Shu.
      The great city was named Omashu as a monument to their love.

      (As their names are spoken, their names appear on the parchment. When
      complete, the screen flashes white. When the scene returns, it is in
      normal pan-scan format. Katara still points to the picture of the city of
      Omashu. Cut to a frontal shot of Aang and Katara who look at each other in
      wonder, then turn to look behind them. There they see a statue of the two
      lovers kissing, a plaque with writing between them.)

      Katara: (reading the inscription) Love is brightest in the dark.

      (A wide shot of them looking at the statue is replaced by a shot of Sokka
      again looking at his map, Momo perched on his head.)

      Moku: Oh, great! Your plans have led us to another dead end!
      Sokka: (defensively) At least I’m thinking of ideas and trying to get us
      out of here, Moku.
      Chong: Whoa, whoa, wait a minute; we’re thinking of ideas‌ ‘Cause I’ve had
      an idea for, like, an hour now.
      Sokka: (explodes) Yes! We’re all thinking of ideas!
      Chong: Well, then listen to this: if love is the key out of here, then all
      we need to do is play a love song.

      (Cut to a close of Sokka. Momo jumps off his head and he smacks his
      forehead again. Off camera Chong begins to strum his guitar.

      Cut back to Aang, Katara and Appa in front of the statue.)

      Aang: How are we gonna find our way out of these tunnels‌
      Katara: I have a crazy idea.
      Aang: What‌
      Katara: (hesitantly) Never mind, it’s too crazy.

      (Katara turns away from Aang, looking a little bashful.)

      Aang: Katara, what is it‌
      Katara: I was thinking… the curse says we’ll be trapped in here forever
      unless we trust in love.
      Aang: Right…
      Katara: And here it says ‘love is brightest in the dark’ and… (she turns
      to face him, but doesn’t yet meet his eyes) has a picture of them kissing.
      Aang: (totally clueless) Where are you going with this‌

      (Cut to a close up of Katara’s face, her eyes still averted.)

      Katara: (shyly) Well… what if we kissed‌

      (She finally look up at him, with a slightly dreamy, slightly hopeful
      expression on her face. She blushes visibly even in the darkness. Cut to
      Aang who doesn’t react for a second, then speaks.)

      Aang: (surprised) Us kissing‌
      Katara: See‌ It was a crazy idea.

      (She turns away from Aang, who himself turns to face the camera.)

      Aang: (dreamily) Us… kissing…
      Katara: (tries to laugh it off) Us kissing. What was I thinking‌ Can you
      imagine that‌
      Aang: (also tries to laugh it off) Yeah, heh, heh. (He points at her for
      additional emphasis) I definitely wouldn’t wanna kiss you!

      (Aang’s eyes bug out a moment after his last comment as he realized the
      dreadful mistake he has just made.)

      Katara: (offended) Oh, well I didn’t realize it was such a horrible
      option. (Leaning over at him in anger) Sorry I suggested it!
      Aang: (trying desperately to recover) No, no, I mean… if there was a
      choice between kissing you and dying…

      (The sound of a symbol crashing is heard as Aang utters this relationship
      stifling comment. Katara, further insulted, turns away with a noise of
      indignation. Aang approaches and is visible over her shoulder.)

      Aang: What‌ I’m saying I’d rather kiss you than die. (He holds clasps his
      hands together in a gesture of appeasement) That’s a compliment.
      Katara: (turning to Aang, infuriated) Well I’m not sure which I would
      rather do!

      (Katara stalks off the right side of the shot.)

      Aang: (dejected) What is wrong with me‌

      (He walks off as the sound of Chong’s guitar is heard, indicating another
      transition. Cut to Sokka and the rest of the group walking through a
      tunnel.)

      Chong: (singing) Even if you’re lost you can’t lose the love because it’s
      in your heart, ooooohhhhh…

      (Fade to black, then cut to Zuko and Iroh leaving Song’s house. They stand
      in her courtyard. It is still night, and fireflies buzz lazily around them
      all. Song and her mother stand ready to bid them goodbye.)

      Iroh: (graciously) Thank you for the duck. It was excellent.
      Song’s Mother: You’re welcome. (She hands him a package, presumably of
      leftover roast duck) It brings me joy to see someone eat my cooking with
      such… gusto.
      Iroh: (patting his stomach) Much practice. (Zuko turns to leave, but Iroh
      stops him.) Junior, where are your manners‌ You need to thank these nice
      people.

      (Zuko turns and offers a small bow, his face still obscured by his coolie
      hat.)

      Zuko: (quietly, without much feeling) Thank you.
      Song: (quickly) I know you don’t think there’s any hope left in the world,
      but there is hope. The Avatar has returned!

      (Cut to a close up of the left side of Zuko’s face, song visible in the
      background behind him.)

      Zuko: (quietly, but intensely) I know.

      (He walks off, Iroh in tow. As they pass the courtyard gate the see a
      stable where a war ostrich is tethered. Zuko stops, looks at the animal,
      and then looks back at the courtyard. He releases the ostrich and begins
      to lead it away with them.)

      Iroh: (appalled) What are you doing‌ These people just showed you great
      kindness.
      Zuko: They’re about to show us a little more kindness. (offers his hand to
      Iroh) Well‌

      (Iroh looks down, dreadfully unhappy with this turn of events. Cut to Zuko
      and Iroh riding away on the ostrich, then cut to a close up of Song
      looking out from her front door. She is crushed. She looks down in sadness
      and closes the door.

      Cut back to Aang and Katara walking through the tunnel with Appa.)

      Aang: (gloomily) We’re gonna run out of light any second now, aren’t we‌
      Katara: I think so.
      Aang: Then what are we gonna do‌
      Katara: What can we do‌

      (Cut to a shot of Aang’s mid section, his hand in front of him holding the
      dwindling torch. The simple string music from the Omashu story begins to
      play softly in the background. The camera pans up to show Aang looking at
      Katara, smiling, then cut to a shot of Katara faces, her eyes serious, the
      camera panning slowly rightward. Cut to a wider, side shot of them both.
      They lean in to each other as the torch falters and goes out.

      After a moment of darkness, the screen is lit by an assortment of gems in
      the ceiling that glow light blue. These are shortly joined by many more.
      The screen pans down to reveal that the crystals form a path in the
      ceiling of the tunnel. When the pan comes to stop, Aang and Katara stand
      beside each other, one hand each on the burnt out torch. Both look up at
      the crystals in wonder.

      Cut back to a long, wide shot of Sokka and the others walking along the
      tunnel. Chong is still strumming his guitar. He stops, though, when
      ominous sounds begin to echo through the darkness. Cut to Sokka rubbing
      his head in frustration with his companions. He stops this and Momo jumps
      from his shoulder as the noises continue.

      Out of the darkness a huge pack of wolf-bats emerges. The fly over and
      around Sokka, who flails frantically about. They are gone in an instant,
      flying down the tunnel.)

      Chong: (happily) Hey-hey, you saved us, Sokka!
      Sokka: No, they were trying to get away from something.
      Chong: From what‌

      (Behind them the rocks explode and the tunnel around them quakes. A furry,
      brown badger mole appears from the dust. Cut to a wide shot of the group,
      surprised expressions on their faces. Behind them another explosion of
      rock reveals another badger mole. They are surrounded.

      The badger mole in front of Sokka bends earth around the water tribe boy,
      pinning him down and separating him from the others. The creature stomps
      the ground in front of him and knocks Sokka backwards onto the ground.

      As Sokka inches backwards away from the advancing badger mole, his fingers
      accidentally strum one of Chong’s guitars discarded on the ground in the
      shuffle. Cut to a shot of the badger mole’s face, as he stops his advance
      and puzzles over Sokka.

      Cut to Sokka, looking up, expecting to get killed. He realizes what is
      going on, gets up with the guitar and starts strumming.)

      Chong: Hey, those things are music lovers!
      Sokka: (trying to sing to the one note he’s strumming and not doing very
      well) Badger moles, coming toward me. Come on guys, help me out.

      (Chong and his troupe stand and begin to play their instruments and sing.)

      Chong: (singing) The big bad badger moles who work in the tunnels, hate
      the wolf bats but love the sounds.

      (Cut to a wide shot of Aang, Katara and Appa in the tunnel lit by the
      luminescent crystals.)

      Aang: It’s made of some kind of crystals. They must only light up in the
      dark!

      (Cut to a close up shot of Aang and Katara facing each other, their hands
      laced together.)

      Katara: That’s how the two lovers found each other. They just put out
      their lights and followed the crystals.

      (She lets go of his hand as the camera pans down the tunnel. She points
      down the tunnel.)

      Katara: That must be the way out!

      (They hug.)

      Aang: (uncertainly) So… um…
      Katara: (excitedly) Let’s go!

      (Aang looks after her and smiles slightly. He follows with Appa close
      behind. Cut to an exterior view of the mountain, the tunnel exit clearly
      visible. Appa emerges from the tunnel at a gallop, stops, rears up on his
      hind legs and flops on his back. He is clearly happy to be outside once
      again. Aang and Katara, backs to the camera, enter the frame.)

      Aang: (worried) What about Sokka‌

      (Before he can answer, the camera cuts to a wide shot of the exit tunnel
      landing. Appa rolls back to his feet as a rumbling is hears. Two holes are
      blown open next to the tunnel exit to reveal the tow badger moles. Sokka
      and Momo ride atop one of these fierce creatures. Cut to Katara who
      shields her face from the flying debris, but recognizes her brother when
      she looks up.))

      Katara: Sokka!

      (Cut to a wide shot of the badger mole as Sokka slides down the side of
      the animal and runs over to Katara.)

      Sokka: How did you guys get out‌
      Aang: Just like the legend says: we let love lead the way.
      Sokka: Really‌ We let huge ferocious beasts lead our way.

      (Sokka turns and waves goodbye to the badger moles. Cut to a wide,
      overhead shot as everyone waves the badger moles goodbye. They turn and
      enter the two holes the created to exit the mountain, closing them up with
      their earthbending powers after they passed through.

      Cut to Momo landing in front of Appa. Momo begins to chitter excitedly,
      clearly telling Appa the story of what happened after they got separated.
      Momo begins to make hand gestures to illustrate his tale as Appa grunts
      and puts his head on his forepaw as he listens to Momo’s explanation.

      The camera pans over to Katara hugging her brother. They break the embrace
      as Katara questions her brother.)

      Katara: Why is your forehead all red‌

      (Cut to a close shot of Sokka looking sour, his forehead indeed red.
      Katara stands back to the camera in the foreground. Before Sokka can
      answer, Chong leans into the frame and begins to whisper
      conspiratorially.)

      Chong: (dead serious) Nobody react to what I’m about to tell you. I think
      that kid might be the Avatar.

      (Sokka smacks his forehead again, answering Katara’s question. Sokka’s eye
      steal over to the singer before the shot cuts a wide shot of Aang
      addressing the rest of Chong’s troupe.)

      Aang: So, are you guys gonna come to Omashu with us‌
      Moku: Nope.
      Aang: Okay. Thanks for everything, Moku.

      (The camera pans back to Chong, Sokka and Katara. Chong takes his flower
      necklace and places it around Sokka’s neck.)

      Chong: Sokka, I hope you learned a little something about not letting the
      plans get in the way of the journey.
      (Chong hugs Sokka.)

      Sokka: (sullenly, but also blushing) Just play your songs.

      (Chong releases him at such an excellent suggestion.)

      Chong: Hey, good plan! (singing) Even if you’re lost you can’t lose the
      love because it’s in your heart. Ooooohhhh…

      (As Chong’s sings o.c., Aang looks sideways at Katara, and Katara looks
      down and blushes.

      The camera pans up to the kids walking up a hill or small mountain. Some
      time has passed since Chong’s departure, but it is still daytime.)

      Sokka: The journey was long and annoying, but now you get to see what it’s
      really about – the destination.

      (As the mount the top of the hill, the camera angle begins to whirl around
      Sokka, ultimately revealing the city in front of them.)

      I present to you the Earth Kingdom city of O… (devastated with
      realization) Oh, no…

      (In front of Sokka lies the devastated fortress city of Omashu. It is
      surrounded by what appear to be siege towers. The city is smoking and
      appears to be on fire in several places. Cut to a shot panning down of the
      city. The pan stops on the main gate, where hangs the flag of the Fire
      Nation.

      Fade to white.)

      [End Credits]
</pre>

## 中文

<pre class="script">
第二回
情人洞
我说，你俩练练就得了吧
如果想今天就赶到奥玛舒，还有好多路要赶呢
就会说我们，也不知道谁现在正光着呢
我随时都能准备好，两分钟内就能准备好开拔
那个，你刚才教我的是“章鱼式”吗？
没错，摆好姿势让我看看
你的双臂离得太远了
要像这样，让两臂靠拢才能保护你的中路，明白吗？
哦，是啊，谢了
好吧，让我看看你掌握得咋样了
安昂徒弟，你这招“章鱼式”摆的不错嘛
*路边的野花你不要采，小心被甩没呀没人睬*
嘿，住河里的朋友们你们好吗？
我们才不住在河里呢
是吗？那你们又属于哪类人哩？
普通人...而已
四海之内皆兄弟啊
你又是哪位？
我姓崇，这是内人丽丽
我们是流浪者，四海为家
你们是流浪者？太棒了，我也是
好巧啊，我也是
我已经知道了，你刚才说过
是吗？短裤不赖嘛
哪儿都找不到吃的
这种生活我真是受够了
我怎么就成了逃犯了
真是难以置信
皇叔，你干嘛呢？
这可是十分罕见的白龙草
它的叶子可以制成清香芬芳，沁人心脾的香茶
不过，
这也可能是株有毒的浪荡草
茶又不能顶饿，咱们需要吃的先
我去打鱼了
这到底是茶草还是毒草呢？
嘿，索卡，这几个人哪儿都去过了，
他们的故事老好听了
我们也不是哪儿都去过了，小箭头
不过那些没去过的地方
我们也都从故事和歌曲中了解到了
他们说能带我们去看巨大的夜行爬行动物
在途中还能路过一个瀑布呢，
那里还有看不到边的彩虹
听着，我也讨厌像卡塔拉那样唠唠叨叨的，
不过有些话我不得不说
我们得赶往奥玛舒
不许磨蹭，也没功夫看什么爬虫，更别提什么彩虹了
哇哦，看来有些人得了“目的地狂躁症”了
不要为去哪里而过于烦心
终点并不重要，重要的要享受旅行的过程
奥
玛
舒
索卡说的没错
我们得找到布米王，
这样安昂才能无后顾之忧的学习御土术
这么说，你们要去往奥玛舒喽
相传，就在山中
有条通往奥玛舒的密道
那不会只是个传说吧
哦，那可是个真实的传说
这个故事还要追溯到御土术发源的时候
*相爱两人，不能相见*
*战火纷飞，两地相思*
*山峦怎能阻挡*
*有情人终相聚*
下面几句歌词我有点忘了，
不过副歌部分我还记得
*秘密隧道*
*秘密隧道*
*穿越山的阻隔*
*秘密的，秘密的，
秘密的，秘密的隧道！耶！*
我想咱们还是飞着去吧，咱们从前和火宗人交过手
他们不足为惧
是啊，多谢帮忙，可是阿柏讨厌走地道
我们得优先阿柏，考虑它的感受
发射！
咱们还是走秘密的情人洞吧
祖寇，还记得那株像茶的草吗？
你不是...
你猜对了
的确不是茶草
如果这些疹子扩散到喉咙，我就不能喘气了
好在我找到了这个
这些“拔萃莓”是那些白色浪荡草的解药
不过也有可能是种致盲的毒莓
我可不能再让你乱吃这些植物了
咱们得找人帮忙
但是咱们能去哪儿呢？
我们既是土强国的敌人，又是烈火国的逃犯
如果被土强国的人抓到我们，肯定活不了
如果烈火国的人找到咱们，肯定会落到阿祖拉手里
那还是去土强国吧
还要走多久才到啊
实际上，隧道不止一个
那对爱人不想让其他人发现他们，
所以他们建了一座迷宫
迷宫？！
我们一定能走出去的
据说那个迷宫有个诅咒，但只要相信爱就能走出迷宫
还有诅咒？！
嘿，嘿，我们到了
那个诅咒具体是怎么说的？
只有那些相信爱的人才能走出这个洞穴
否则便会永远的困在迷宫当中
然后孤独的死去
没错，然后死去
嘿，我想起剩下的那几句歌词了
*孤独死去*
算了，咱们可不能走这个被诅咒的洞穴
看哪，是谁弄了那么大堆的篝火
那可不是什么篝火，穆库
那是火宗的军队
他们在跟踪我们
看来咱们只能相信爱的力量，穿越这些洞穴喽
说的没错，箭头大师
我们一定能走出去的
大家快进洞
且慢，进去太危险了
你没听过那首歌吗？
不如咱们把洞口封死
就让他们在洞里面自生自灭吧
没事的，阿柏，我们会没事的
但愿吧
我们会没事的
我们现在需要想个计划，崇，那些火把能点多长时间
呃，每个能点一个时辰吧
我们还剩下五个火把，那也就是...五个时辰
你把它们都点着了干嘛，
后四个时辰你想摸黑啊
哦，有道理
我现在要做个地图，这样就能知道已经去过哪了
咱们可以像玩迷宫游戏一样顺利走出去
你俩想必不是本地人吧
俺们这儿的人可没人敢碰那种浪荡草，更别提泡茶了
你们是打哪儿来的
我们只是路过，路过
那你们总该有名字吧？
名字...
我们当然有名字了
我姓李，他是我叔叔，呃，名叫“木须”
没错，我侄子跟他的父亲同名，
所以我们叫他“小李子”
木须和小李子，知道了
我的名字叫“如歌”
你们两个看起来饿坏了
不如留下来吃晚饭吧
抱歉，我们还要赶路
那太遗憾了，看来我母亲今天多做的烤鸭要白瞎了
你家具体住哪儿啊？
索卡，瞧你这路领的，咱们都连碰十个死胡同了
不可能啊，我们好像走过这儿
我们不需要什么地图，只要有爱指引我们就行了
那小家伙都知道这个道理
没错，不过有个地图也不错嘛
有点不对头
只有一个解释
整个隧道在不断变化
听我女儿说你们是流浪者
我们也曾四处流浪
我还是小女孩时，火宗人袭击了我们的村庄
所有的男人都被带走了
从那以后我再也没见过俺爹
我也有很多年没见过我的父亲了
是吗，也是由于战争的原因吗？
没错
这隧道...在变化，肯定是诅咒灵验了
我就说嘛，咱们不应该进隧道的
是啊，要是早听你的就好了~
大家都别出声，听
好像有个巨大的东西朝这儿来了，
好像还长着牙
不好，是“狼蝠”
没用的，我们被分开了
不过好在你还跟我们在一起，呵呵
不要啊！
介意我坐在这儿吗？
我能了解你的感受
我们也经历过那些事情
这伤是火宗弄得吧
会没事的
我身上也有他们留下的伤痕
*哦，被洞穴困住没什么大不了*
*就算世界末日，微笑也比皱眉好*
*这区区隧道哪能把咱们给难倒，嘿*
*这洞穴没什么大不了，索卡*
看哪，安昂
我们找到出口了
这不是什么出口
不是吧
这是一座墓穴
他们想必就是传说中的那对恋人吧
这儿是他们的墓穴
这些图画讲述了他们的故事
他们在这座分隔两个村庄的山上邂逅
两村世代为敌，所以他们不能走到一起
他们深爱彼此，终于找到了相见的方法
这对恋人从獾鼠那儿学会了御土术，
他们就是第一代的御土师
他们为了能够秘密的相见，煞费苦心的建造了这些隧道
那些试图跟踪他们的人都会永远的困在这座迷宫中
但是有一天，那位男子没能如约前往
他在两村的争斗中死去了
那女子悲痛欲绝，她的御土术发出了不可思议的力量
她的力量本可以夷平两座村庄
然而，她却用那力量平息了战争
两村的人民齐心协力建造了
一座新的城市，从此和平相处
那名女子名叫奥玛，而那位男子名叫舒
为了见证这段伟大的爱情，
那座城从此得名为“奥玛舒”
爱就是黑暗中的明灯
真是太好了，你的计划
又把我们带到了一个死胡同
至少我为了咱们能走出这里，还在动脑筋想办法
穆库
哇哦，哇哦，等等
我们也在想办法...你看我都想了一个小时了
是啊，你们可不都在想办法嘛
我说，既然爱是走出这里的关键
不如我们唱首爱的歌曲吧，兴许管用
我们怎样才能走出隧道呢？
我有一个疯狂的想法
是啥?
算了，那想法太疯狂了
卡塔拉，但说无妨
我在想...
....那诅咒不是说嘛，只要我们相信爱就能走出这里
没错
这儿又说“爱就是黑暗中的明灯”
这儿还有个接吻的图画
你的意思是...
那个...
如果我们接吻的话...
咱们接吻？
看吧，我说这主意很疯狂嘛？
咱们...接吻...
咱们接吻，我都在想啥呢？
你能想象吗？
没错，呵呵
我可不想跟你接吻
哦，跟我接吻就那么糟糕吗？
抱歉，就当我没提过
不是，不是，我的意思是...如果让我在和你接吻与死掉之间选择的话
怎么了？我是说我宁愿和你接吻
也不想死，我是想恭维你来着
我倒是宁愿死也不想跟你接吻
瞧这事让我给办的
*爱就在心间，永远也不会消逝*
多谢您的烤鸭，真是太美味了
哪里哪里
看您吃的津津有味，我真是很开心哪
您见笑了
小李子，怎么这么没礼貌呢，
还不赶快谢谢人家的款待
多谢了
我想你可能放弃了对这世界的希望
但是希望还在
降世神通已经回来了
这我知道
你怎么能这么做？那些人对咱们这么好
也许还不够好，不上来吗？
看来我们很快就要摸黑前进了
是啊
咱们现在该怎么办呢
咱们又能做些什么呢？
嘿，真有你的，索卡
不是我，它们好像正在躲些什么
躲什么？
嘿，这些动物爱听音乐哟
*乖獾鼠，快过来，帮我们，找出路*
*大獾鼠哦，隧道里住哦，讨厌狼蝠，却爱音乐哟*
好像是用某种水晶石做成的
这就是所谓的“黑暗中的明灯”吧
怪不得那对恋人能找到对方，
原来是有这些水晶石给他们指引
那肯定就是出去的路了
那个...嗯...
咱们走吧
那索卡该怎么办啊？
索卡
你们是怎么走出来的
就像传说中说的那样，有爱给我们引路
真的吗？我们可是有巨兽带路
你额头上怎么红红的
我说完了，你可不要太惊讶啊
这孩子可能就是降世神通
我说，不跟我们一起去奥玛舒吗？
不去了
那好吧，多谢照顾，穆库
索卡
索卡，我想今天你一定学到了，
不要被计划牵着鼻子走
你还是唱好你的歌吧
嘿，好主意
*爱就在心间，永远也不会消逝，哦~~~~*
这次旅行真是又臭又长，
不过好在我们马上就要到达目的地了
请允许我向你们介绍，土强国城池：奥...
噢，糟糕
-=未完待续=-

水善国
土强国
火烈国
气和国
很久以前，这四大国和谐共处
然而，烈火国发起的战争结束了和平
只有同时掌握四种元素的降世神通才能结束战争
然而在大家最需要他的时候，他却消失了
年后，我和哥哥发现了转世的降世神通，
他是个御气师，名叫“安昂”
尽管他的御气术着实厉害
在拯救苍生之前，他要学的还有很多
但是我坚信
安昂 能拯救这个世界
-=降世神通=-
最后的气宗

第二卷
土
</pre>
