# S02E05 - Avatar Day

**Languages:** English / 中文

=== "English"

    <div class="script">
          Avatar Day

      Written By: John O&#x27;Bryan
      Directed By: Lauren Macmullan
      Storyboard By: Lauren Macmullan, Chris Graham, Kenji Ono, Dean Kelly, Oh
      Saung Hyun
      Animation By: DR Movie
      Transcribers: Acastus and Pandora

      [Introduction sequence]

      Act I

      (Episode opens with an early morning scene that begins with a wide shot of
      a shoreline. The shore is largely composed of cliffs that drop shear into
      the sea. The tops of the cliffs in the foreground are forested, those in
      the background are grass covered. The shot tilts down to reveal Appa,
      Katara and Sokka asleep. The water tribe siblings each sleep atop a large
      tree stump.

      Cut to a view from inside Sokka’s mouth. Sokka breathes heavily with his
      mouth wide open. A spider has built a web in his open mouth and sits
      patiently at its center. A moment later, Momo’s face appears. His ears
      stand straight up on his head and he chitters as he sees the spider. He
      blinks. Shift to a quick profile view of Momo standing up on his hind
      legs, beginning to lean forward toward Sokka, who is drooling out of the
      side of his mouth. Cut to Momo’s p.o.v., The camera closes in on the web
      as a fly enters the frame and lands on the web. The spider moves to get
      the fly.

      Cut back to the profile shot of Momo and Sokka, where Momo cocks back his
      hand, and the shoves it into Sokka’s mouth. Sokka’s eyes bug out. Cut to a
      shot from Sokka’s chest looking forward. Sokka lifts his head, chucking
      Momo over his face and at the camera. He disappears from the frame,
      leaving an irate Sokka.)

      Sokka: (spitting and startled) What are you doing in my mouth!

      (Cut to a profile shot of Sokka, Momo eating the bugs, lying upside down
      on his chest.)

      Sokka: Momo, you need to be a little more sensitive to my boundaries.

      (As Sokka speaks, Momo hears something that isn’t Sokka. He flips upright,
      chitters and jumps on Sokka’s face and then out of the frame. Cut to a
      brief wide shot of the camp, then a shot of Aang sleeping on Appa. A
      galloping sounds is heard from o.c. as Aang awakes. He looks off screen in
      horror. The camera pans right at very high speed creating a rushing
      effect. It stops on a patch of open ground nearby. A Fire Nation war
      rhinoceros jumps into the screen and lands with a ponderous “thud.” Atop
      the beast a Fire Nation soldier rides. Cut to Katara, halfway out of her
      sleeping bag. She gasps, then cut to another rhino emerging from the
      brush. Cut to a muscular, cruel looking soldier atop one of the rhinos. He
      wears a nose ring and a short sleeve uniform.)

      Colonel Mongke : Give up! You’re completely surrounded!
      (As he speaks, cut to a wide, overhead shot of the camp. The camera zooms
      back at high speed to reveal four rhinos circling Appa and the kids. Cut
      to a shot of a long haired Fire Nation archer with three flaming arrows on
      his bow. He fires them. Cut to Sokka, still in his sleeping bag, moving in
      earthworm type fashion. The three arrows pin the end of the sleeping bag
      to ground. Sokka frees himself and runs out of the frame. Cut to a shot
      from above Aang who sits in Appa’s drivers seat. In front of him, Sokka
      and Katara run into the frame towards Appa.)

      Sokka: Come on, come on, come on!

      (Cut to a frontal shot of Katara running towards the camera. Her eyes
      widen and she stops. She turns to look at the tree stump behind her as a
      rhino passes by in the background.)

      Katara: My scrolls!
      (The rhino stops at the stump and its rider twirls a halberd and then
      plants it into the stump. Cut to Aang, who leans forward with a look of
      alarm on his face, as Sokka crawls up onto Appa in the background.)

      Aang: My staff!
      (His face twisting in anger, Aang jumps airbends himself off Appa and out
      of the frame.

      Cut to a frontal shot of a determined Katara running at the camera as it
      zooms backwards, keeping her in the frame. She opens her water skin as she
      runs and bends a jet of water o.c. Cut to a shot of the tree stump. The
      water enters the frame and hardens to ice around the soldier’s halberd.
      Tilt up to reveal the surprised Fire Nation soldier, then cut a shot from
      the soldier’s p.o.v. looking down as Katara scoops up the box of scrolls
      on the stump and runs out of the frame. Cut to a wider shot as Katara runs
      o.c. with the box hugged to her chest. In the background, the soldier
      breaks the ice and retrieves his weapon.

      Cut to a shot from the top of a tree trunk high off the ground. A Fire
      Nation cavalryman at the bottom launches a chain with weights at its end
      up to the camera. The chain, anchored by the weights, wraps around the
      tree trunk. Cut to a shot from near the cavalryman, who directs his rhino
      to move away from the tree. The chain goes taught and the tree is brought
      down with a huge crash.

      Shift to Aang running to his staff. The tree falls in his way, but he
      airbends lightly over it. Cut to a masked Fire Nation soldier for a
      second, then to a close up of his hand and belt. He snaps his fingers,
      removing a cap from a dynamite like stick, one of many, on his belt.
      Removing the cap seemingly lights a wick. He throws the device. Cut to
      Aang arriving at his staff as the bomb drops into the frame next to him.
      He sees it, and with a grimace and twirl of his staff his bats it deeper
      into the forest. He airbends out of the frame and it explodes in the
      background. Cut to a wide shot of Appa surrounded by the four rhinos once
      more. In the foreground on a rock, close to the camera’s p.o.v, Colonel
      Mongke’s rhino sits looking down at the battle. Aang lands atop Appa.)

      Aang: Yip, yip!

      (With a flap of his tail, Appa takes off. Cut to Colonel Mongke, who fires
      a blast of flame at Appa’s retreating figure. Cut to Katara, Sokka and
      Momo in Appa’s saddle. They duck as the fireball passes overhead.)

      Sokka and Katara: Ahhh!
      Sokka: Wait, my boomerang!

      (Cut to a spinning, zooming backward shot of Sokka’s boomerang still on
      the ground below.)

      Katara: There’s no time!
      Sokka: Oh, I see. There’s time to get your scrolls and time to get your
      staff, but no time for my boomerang‌
      Katara: (cheerfully) That’s correct!
      Sokka: (resigned) Oh.
      (Cut to a shot from near Colonel Mongke’s shoulder. He looks out over the
      scene below and Appa flying away in the distance. He turns and looks off
      camera with an angry expression.

      Screen fades to a pan right shot of a daytime scene. A walled town lies
      nearby. A trail leads to it out of the forest on the right of the screen.
      On the other side the town abuts a cliff that looks over the ocean. In the
      foreground, Appa has landed in a forest clearing near the trail that leads
      to town. A small building is also nearby.)

      Aang: (initially from o.c.) Sorry about your boomerang, Sokka.

      (As Aang speaks, cut to the kids inside the town. Katara is talking to a
      vendor in a stall behind Aang and Sokka, who is sitting on the ground,
      mourning the loss of his boomerang. Aang wear’s a coolie hat to hide his
      tattoo.)

      Sokka: I feel like I’ve lost part of my identity. Imagine if you lost your
      arrow, or if Katara lost her… (cut to Katara, looking confused) … hair
      loopies.

      (Sokka walks over to the stall, where Katara hugs him. The merchant puts a
      basket of food on the counter.)

      Merchant: Here’s your produce, ponytail guy.
      Sokka: (picks up basket, then, dejected) I used to be boomerang guy…

      (Katara pays the nice merchant.)

      Merchant: (surprised) Hey, Water Tribe money.
      Katara: I hope that’s okay.
      Merchant: So long as it’s money. (closes shop and begins to walk away)
      Have a nice Avatar Day!
      Aang: Avatar Day‌
      Merchant: (turning around) You guys are going to the festival, right‌

      (Aang, Katara and Sokka look at each other. Sokka, who has been crying
      over his boomerang still looks distraught, but Katara and Aang smile.

      Cut to a wide, overhead shot of the sky. Tilt down to reveal the walled
      town. Festival music plays in the background. Cut to a shot of the three
      kids in a crowd on a street. Green banners fly suspended on strings across
      the streets. They look around in wonder, Sokka carrying Momo in his arms.)

      Aang: There’s a holiday for the Avatar. Who knew‌
      (Behind them a hug float of Avatar Kyoshi rolls by. They turn to see it.)

      Katara: Look! They made a giant Kyoshi float.
      (The kids run to the main square.)

      Sokka: And here comes Avatar Roku.
      Aang: Having a huge festival in your honor is great, but frankly, it’s
      just nice to be appreciated.
      Sokka: And it’s nice to appreciate their deep-fried festival food.

      (Sokka takes a huge chomp out of a cake he is holding.)

      Katara: Aang, look!
      (A huge Aang float passes next.)

      Aang: (smiling) That’s the biggest me I’ve ever seen.

      (Cut to a profile shot of the three Avatars now abreast of each other in
      the main square. Pan right to reveal a muscular and scantily clad young
      man running into the square with a lit torch.)

      Sokka: Now a torch; that’s a nice prop. It’s bright, dangerous… (inhales
      deeply)… smells manly. But I’m not sure I could carry it off.
      Katara: Hey, what’s that guy doing‌
      (The torch man jump through the bottom of the Kyoshi statue and lights it
      on fire.)

      Torch Man: Yaaaah!
      (He lights Roku on fire as well.)

      Crowd: (chanting in unison) Down with the Avatar! Down with the Avatar!
      Down with the Avatar!

      (Cut to a zoom in shot of the kids. Sokka’s mouth drops open in surprise
      and food starts falling out.

      Shift scenes to another town that rests on top of a hill, then cut to a
      man and woman walking down a deserted street. He is carrying two baskets
      suspended by a pole across his back. A shadow passes in front of the
      camera, then the Blue Spirit appears in front of the couple, swords drawn.
      He cuts the baskets away from the terrified man, scoops them up and runs.

      Cut again to a forest shot. A fly or other insect is snapped up by the
      lengthy tongue of a nearby tree chameleon. Shot tilts down to show the
      Blue Spirit climbing over a log with his baskets of loot. A green clad arm
      places the mask in the hollow a tree. Zuko looks out from around the tree,
      then cut to a shot of a cave.

      Iroh sits cross legged within the cave. Zuko throws the baskets from o.c.
      which land in front of him.)

      Iroh: Where did you get these‌
      Zuko: (walking away) What does it matter where they came from‌
      Iroh: (seriously) Hmm… (eats food and smiles as pink goo drips from his
      mouth) Mmmm!

      (Return to a profile shot of the burning Avatar floats.)

      Crowd: (chanting in unison) Down with the Avatar! Down with the Avatar!
      (The Mayor gives the torch man a signal, who throws his torch at the Aang
      float. It lands on his right eye and begins to burn. Cut to a shot of Aang
      with a distraught face amidst the crowd, the cut to Katara running across
      the plaza. She jumps forward and waterbends the water from two nearby
      water caskets, putting out the burning floats.)

      Spectator 1: (angrily) Hey! That party-pooper’s ruining Avatar Day!

      (Aang airbends himself to the left shoulder of his own float.)

      Aang: That party-pooper’s my friend!

      (He takes off his hat and throws it o.c.. An animation effect shows a
      blinding shine from his perfectly bare head.)

      Mayor Tong: (surprised) It’s the Avatar himself!
      Spectator 1: (panicking) It’s going to kill us with its awesome Avatar
      powers!
      Aang: (calmly, raising his hand in a non-threatening way) No, I’m not, I…

      (Guy runs around completely scared and hurls himself into the crowd.)

      Majoy Tong: (snootily) I suggest you leave. You’re not welcome here,
      Avatar.
      Katara: Why not‌ Aang helps people.
      Aang: It’s true. (airbending himself down to where Katara and the Mayor
      stand) I’m on your side.
      Mayor Tong: (accusingly) I find that hard to swallow considering what you
      did to us in your past life. It was Avatar Kyoshi; she murdered our
      glorious leader, Chin the Great.
      Aang: You think that I… murdered someone...

      (Cut to an old, hideous man.)

      Old Man: (slurring) We used to be a great society before you killed our
      leader. (pointing to himself) Now look at us!

      Aang: (cringing in revulsion) Huh!
      Katara: (defensively) Aang would never do something like that. No Avatar
      would. (pointing an accusing finger at the crowd) And it’s not fair for
      you all to question his honor!
      Spectator: (to the crowd) Let’s tell her what we think of the Avatar’s
      “honor.” (blows a raspberry and sticks his butt out at her.)

      (Crowd voices its agreement noisily.)

      Aang: (to everyone) Give me a chance to clear my name.
      Mayor Tong: The only way to prove your innocence is to stand trial.
      Aang: (confidently) I’ll gladly stand trial.
      Mayor Tong: You’ll have to follow all our rules. That includes paying
      bail.

      (Cut to a close up of Aang.)

      Aang: No problem!

      (As he finishes speaking, a stock closes around his neck. The camera zooms
      backwards to reveal Aang behind bars, heads and arms in a stock. Outside
      of his cell Katara has her face buried in his hands and Sokka leans
      sullenly against a wall, Momo beside him. )

      Aang: How was I supposed to know they wouldn’t take Water Tribe money‌

      (Cut to commercial break.)

      Act II

      (Show returns a wide, overhead shot from the town looking out to sea. Tilt
      down to reveal that Aang’s cell is in fact an open air courtyard with a
      grated observation window into the jail building where Sokka and Katara
      stand. Cut to a shot from behind the water tribe siblings looking at Aang
      as Sokka speaks.)

      Sokka: So some people don’t like you. Big deal! There’s a whole nation of
      firebenders who hate you. Now let’s bust you out of here.
      Aang: I can’t.
      Sokka: (upbeat) Sure you can! A little… swish, swish, swish! Airbending
      slice! … and we’re on our way.

      (sight gag: flashes to the back of the room and uses his arms to cut the
      air and then back to the front to shove his face in the camera for
      “Airbending slice!”)

      Katara: (disdainfully) I think what “Master Swish” is trying to say is
      that you’re supposed to be out saving the world. You can’t do that locked
      up in here.
      Aang: I can’t do that with people thinking I’m a murderer, either. I need
      you guys to help prove my innocence.
      Sokka: How’re we gonna do that‌ The crime happened over three hundred
      years ago.
      Aang: (shrewdly) That’s okay, Sokka. For some reason, I thought you were
      an expert detective.
      Sokka: (self-importantly) Well, I guess I could be classified as such.
      Katara: (playing along) Yeah! Back home he was famous for solving the
      mystery of the missing seal jerky.
      Sokka: (bragging) Everyone wanted to blame it on a polar leopard but I
      figured out that it was Old Man Jarco wearing polar leopard boots. See, a
      real eight hundred pound polar leopard would have left much deeper tracks.
      Okay, I guess I am pretty good.

      (During Sokka’s monologue, Katara’s holds her hand to her head in a
      gesture of despair, while Aang makes gestures poking fun at him. Sokka
      fails to notice either.)

      Aang: So you’ll help me with my case‌
      Sokka: Fine. But I’m gonna need some new props.

      (An effect of instantly passing time and space stops to reveal Sokka a
      strange hat.)

      Sokka: I’m ready.

      (He extends a magnifying glass out of hat that rests in from of his right
      eye. The contraption is reminiscent of the head gear used by Johnny Depp
      in “Sleepy Hollow.” Katara giggles)

      Sokka: What‌

      (Sokka turns to her and extends the magnifying glass out a bit more and he
      hunches over to see her better.

      Cut to an armored wagon with a small trailer traveling through a forest
      scene. It is pulled by a horse ostrich.

      Inside, a plump merchant looks at an open cash box with glee. He plays
      with the coins. The camera zooms backward to reveal the whole interior of
      the cab. Suddenly, the carriage jolts as it comes to a sudden stop. The
      merchant’s hat falls off and he grabs his cash box protectively. He looks
      around in alarm and closes and locks the cash box. Cut to a close up as
      the merchant begins sweating.

      After a few moments of nothing, he breathes a sigh of relief. Then a
      broadsword blade slices through the roof in front of the camera. It slices
      back and forth. Cut to a shot of the roof from the merchants p.o.v. A fist
      appears as it smashes a hole through the damaged roof. Through the hole
      the Blue Spirit is seen atop the carriage. The merchant offers the box
      with his eyes closed and the Blue Spirit grabs it. The merchant looks up,
      but the Blue Spirit is gone. Cut to an overhead shot of the carriage as
      the camera zooms backward. The driver is knocked out beside the carriage
      and the ostrich horse is gone.

      Cut to a shot of the city of Chin from the sea. On the sea side of the
      town, there is a small temple right on the cliff overlooking the water
      below. Cut again to a wide overhead shot of the temple that tilts toward
      the bottom of the frame. Behind the temple, between it and the city walls,
      the benches of an amphitheatre are cut into the hillside. Three figures
      walk from the city to the temple.)

      Mayor Tong: This is the crime scene.
      (Cut to a closer shot of Aang and Katara as they approach the temple with
      the Mayor. Sokka looks at the camera through his magnifying glass for a
      moment, which makes his eye look huge. The Mayor stands right at the edge
      of the cliff and points to a small footprint at his feet.)

      Mayor Tong: This is the footprint of the killer, Kyoshi. It was at sunset
      three hundred and seventy years ago today that she emerged from the temple
      and struck down (he indicates a statue of a stern Earth Kingdom warrior
      made of pink marble near the temple) Chin the Great. After that tragic
      day, we built this statue to immortalize our great leader. Feel free to
      appreciate it.
      (Mayor Tong exits the scene. Sokka walks around with many sounds effects
      and a few small animations exaggerating his “Sherlock Holmes” routine.)

      Sokka: This temple and this statue were cut from the same stone. And we
      know that the statue was built after Chin died.
      Katara: (getting worked up) So if they were built at the same time, that
      means—
      Sokka: (interrupting) Shhh! I wanna solve it! That means Kyoshi never set
      foot in this temple.
      Katara: That’s a big hole in the mayor’s story, but it’s not enough to
      prove Aang’s innocence.
      Sokka: You’re right.

      (He produces a water pipe out of nowhere, and proceeds to blow a few
      bubbles.)

      Sokka: We need to go to Kyoshi Island.
      Katara: Where’d you get that‌

      (Cut back to courtyard of the jail. An elephant rat peeks out from behind
      a few pots. It sniffs with its long trunk, moves forward, picks up an
      acorn. Aang looks at it, still in his stocks, from the background. The
      elephant rat jumps out of the frame with a few squeaks.)

      Prisoner 1: (initially voice over) You got a bald head…

      (Cut to a shot of the other end of the courtyard from Aang’s p.o.v. There
      is a partial roof overhanging that part of the courtyard, and the voice
      emanates from the dark area underneath.)

      Prisoner 1: …some nice tattoos…

      (He comes forward. The prisoner is a tall, muscular, bald man with tattoos
      of his own. He runs forward at Aang with a cry of fury, but is restrained
      before he reaches him by chains.)

      Prisoner 1: (calmly) You’re going to fit in real well around here.

      (Cut to Aang, who smiles weakly. Cut to an overhead shot of Kyoshi Island,
      then to a shot from the ground near the watchtower on Kyoshi island. In
      the sky above, Appa is flying in. The watchtower guards clangs a bell.

      Shift to a shot of Oyagi’s house. Appa’s shadow runs across it. Cut to a
      closer shot of Oyagi eating on his porch. He looks up with a smile. Koko
      and another girl run past him laughing. Appa lands in front of the statue
      of Kyoshi. He is surrounded by townspeople.)

      Foaming Mouth Guy appears and pushes through the crowd. He does what he is
      best at – foaming at the mouth before fainting.)

      Koko: (stomps her foot, annoyed) Where’s Aangy‌
      Katara: He couldn’t be here, Koko.
      Crowd: (disappointed) Ohhh…
      Koko: I wanted to see Aangy…

      (The Foaming Mouth Guy gets back up and wipes the foam from his face,
      looking slightly embarrassed. He covers his head with part of his robe and
      slinks out of the frame. The crowd disperses, but Oyagi approaches them.)

      Katara: Oyagi! Aang is in jail. The town of Chin says he murdered their
      leader in a past life.
      Sokka: (looking ridiculous with his hat and pipe) They say it was Kyoshi.
      Oyagi: Kyoshi‌ That’s crazy talk! I’ll take you to her shrine. Maybe
      something there will help you clear her name.
      (Fade to the three walking up the path from the village to the shrine.)

      Sokka: (with feigned casualness) So, uh… what’s Suki up to‌ Is she around‌
      Oyagi: Actually, she and the other warriors left to fight in the war. You
      kids had a big impact on Suki. She said you inspired her and she wanted to
      help change the world.
      Sokka: (sadly) Oh, well… that’s great.
      (They walk under a paifang gate and approach another temple overlooking
      the sea.)

      Oyagi: This temple was converted into a shrine to Kyoshi.

      (They enter the shrine. It is dark, and filled with Kyoshi’s clothing and
      weapons.)

      Oyagi: The clerics tell us these relics are still connected to her spirit.
      That’s her kimono.
      Katara: (touching the kimono) She had exquisite taste.
      Oyagi: (quickly) Please don’t touch.
      Sokka: (musing with an affected voice) These fans… they were her weapons,
      no‌
      Oyagi: (wearily) Also refrain from touching the fans.
      Katara: These were her boots‌ Her feet must have been enormous!
      (Katara examines the huge pair of boots as Momo emerges from within one
      them. He chitters at Katara.)

      Oyagi: (full of pride) The biggest of any Avatar.
      Katara: (with realization) Wait a minute… big feet‌
      (Cut to a brief vision of the small footprint by the Chin temple.)

      Katara: (voice over) Little footprints‌ (Cut back to the present, then
      happily) There’s no way—
      Sokka: Ahem. (Sokka clears his throat, interrupting her) Special outfit‌
      Hat and pipe‌ These things mean anything to you‌
      Katara: (with mock respect) You’re right. I’m sorry. Please.
      Sokka: (dramatically) Aha! There’s no way Kyoshi could have made that
      footprint and therefore there is nothing linking her to the crime scene!
      Katara: (unimpressed) Brilliant, Sokka.

      (Cut back to a shot from Chin looking out over the ocean. It is now
      sunset. Pan down back to the courtyard, then cut to Aang sitting cross
      legged in a circle with three other prisoners.)

      Prisoner 1: This girl you’re talking about‌ She’ll come around. You just
      gotta hang in there.
      (Cut to Aang who easily gets out of the stocks, and rests his elbows on
      top of it.)

      Aang: (hopefully) You think so‌

      (All at once)

      Prisoner 1: Sure!
      Prisoner 2: Yeah.
      Prisoner 3: You’re a catch.

      Aang: (uncertainly) I don’t know…
      Prisoner 1: Hey! You’re smart, handsome, funny, not to mention you’re the
      Avatar.
      Aang: (smiling) You guys are great.
      Prisoner 3: (touched) Don’t be afraid to tell her how you feel. (wipes a
      tear from his eyes and sniffles.)

      (Cut back to an exterior shot of the temple on Kyoshi Island, then to a
      shot of a beautiful mural within the temple.)

      Oyagi: (o.c.) This piece is called “The Birth of Kyoshi.” (all walk into
      view) It was painted at sunrise on the day this island was founded. Why,
      it was today, in fact, three hundred and seventy years ago.
      Sokka: (spits out his pipe at the surprise information) Three hundred and
      seventy years… wait, (grabs Oyagi by the lapels) are you sure it was
today‌
      Oyagi: (annoyed) Seeing how it’s Kyoshi Day, yes, (throwing Sokka
      backwards) I’m sure.
      Sokka: This ceremony didn’t take place at sunrise; it took place at
      sunset. Look at the shadows.
      Katara: They point east. So the sun must have been in the west.
      Oyagi: So what‌
      Sokka: (shoves Katara out of the way) If Kyoshi was in the ceremony at
      sunset, she couldn’t have been in Chin committing the crime. (points his
      pipe dramatically and the magnifying glass swing in front of his eye) She
      has an alibi!

      (Katara, only her arm visible, takes his pipe and hits him over the head
      with it.)

      (Fade back to exterior, night shot of Chin.)

      Katara: (formally, and in voice over at first) Honorable mayor, (cut to a
      shot of the kids and the Mayor at Aang’s jail) we’ve prepared a solid
      defense for the Avatar. We did an investigation and found some very strong
      evidence.

      (Cut to Sokka leaning over to Aang and giving him a big smilie face, which
      Aang returns.)

      Mayor Tong: Evidence‌ Hmph! That’s not how our court system works.
      Aang: Then how can I prove my innocence‌
      Mayor Tong: Simple. I say what happened and then you say what happened and
      then I decide who’s right.

      (Everyone gasps in unison, looking horrified.)

      Mayor Tong: That’s why we call it justice. Because it’s “just us.” Hahaha!

      (The Mayor walks off laughing maniacally. Cut to black for commercial
      break.)

      Act III
      (The show returns to a wide profile shot of the amphitheatre, statue of
      Chin and the temple behind the town of Chin. Cut to Mayor Tong addressing
      the crowd that populates the benches of the amphitheatre.)

      Mayor Tong: Everyone loved Chin the Great because he was so great. Then
      the Avatar (pointing to Aang behind him, still in the stocks) showed up
      and killed him! And that’s how it happened.
      (Walks o.c. with a self satisfied smile.)

      Bailiff: (deep monotone) The accused will now present its argument.
      Sokka: (quietly) You can do it, Aang. Just remember the evidence.
      Aang: Right… evidence. Ladies and gentlemen, I’m about to tell you what
      really happened. And I will prove it with facts. Fact number one… (Aang
      blanks) Uh…
      Sokka: (quietly prompting) The footprints!
      Aang: Oh, yeah… (to the crowd) You see, I have very large feet.

      (Camera tilts down to show Aang’s little feet. The crowd looks
      unimpressed.)

      Aang: (unpersuasively) Furthermore, your… temple matches your statue. But…
      I was in a painting at sunset. (wraps it up fast with a big smile) So
      there you have it! I’m not guilty!
      (Cut to the crowd, which continued to be unimpressed, then tilt down to
      Katara, Sokka and Momo, both with big smiles son their faces, and Sokka
      giving a “thumbs up” gesture.)

      Sokka: (aside to Katara, both still smiling) He’s dead.

      (Cut to Zuko and Iroh in their cave. A fire crackles nearby.)

      Iroh: Looks like you did some serious shopping. (Iroh walks around the
      fire and sits, inspecting a gold teapot in front of him) But where did you
      get the money‌
      Zuko: (avoids the question) Do you like your new teapot‌
      Iroh: To be honest with you, the best tea tastes delicious whether it
      comes in a porcelain pot or a tin cup. (walking over to Zuko who lies with
      his back to the opposite wall of the cave) I know we’ve had some difficult
      times lately. We’ve had to struggle just to get by. (puts his had on
      Zuko’s shoulder) But it’s nothing to be ashamed of. There is a simple
      honor in poverty.
      Zuko: There’s no honor for me without the Avatar.
      Iroh: Zuko… (sighs) Even if you did capture the Avatar, I’m not so sure it
      would solve our problems. Not now.
      Zuko: (abruptly) Then there is no hope at all.
      (Zuko turns to get up.)

      Iroh: (quickly) No, Zuko! You must never give in to despair. Allow
      yourself to slip down that road and you surrender to your lowest
      instincts. (Cut to Iroh’s p.o.v, he continues o.c.) In the darkest times,
      hope is something you give yourself. That is the meaning of inner
strength.

      (Zuko looks back at his uncle for a moment, then gets up to leave. He
      walks away form the cave.

      Cut back to the trial.)

      Katara: Mayor Tong, I’d like for the court to hear one last testimony.
      Mayor Tong: (jumping up in anger) I’ve already told you! It’s just me and
      the accused. You can’t call any witnesses.
      Katara: This isn’t just any witness. I’m going to call… (gestures widely
      with her arms) Avatar Kyoshi herself!

      (Crowd mumbles a lot, then cut to the bailiff walking toward the camera.
      He turns and exits the frame to reveal Aang wearing Kyoshi’s clothes, his
      face painted like her as well. Cut to a skeptical shot of Mayor Tong, then
      Katara sitting back beside her brother.)

      Sokka: (whispers) What are you doing‌
      Katara: Well, she is Aang’s past life. Maybe wearing her stuff will
      trigger something.
      Sokka: (adjusting his magnifying glass and accepting Katara’s reason) I do
      believe in the power of stuff.
      Mayor Tong: (protesting) This is a mockery of Chin law!
      Katara: (pleading) Please! If you could just wait one more second, I’m
      sure Kyoshi will be here.

      (Camera flashes over to a wide shot of Aang looking ridiculous in Kyoshi’s
      huge outfit, one of her fans in front of his face.)

      Aang: (in an uncertain, mock female voice) Hey, everybody. (He drops the
      fan slightly to reveal his painted face and his eyes blink to a sound
      effect) Avatar Kyoshi here.
      Mayor Tong: This is ridiculous. For the murder of Chin the Great, this
      court finds the Avatar…

      (As Mayor Tong tries to finish, a whirlwind appears around Aang, obscuring
      him from view. The sky darkens. Cut to a wide shot of the town and the
      cliff it sits upon. The sky darkens all around it. Cut back to Aang and
      the Mayor. The whirlwind around Aang disperses to reveal Avatar Kyoshi
      herself, resplendent in her kimono. Cut to a close up of her face. She
      lifts her head to look at the camera.)

      Avatar Kyoshi: I killed Chin the Conqueror.
      (The screen flashes and a vision begins, narrated by a voice over from
      Kyoshi. The vision begins with a profile shot of the man from the statue.
      He sits on a throne, soldiers and retainers in the background. A man
      kneels before him in supplication. He stands and earthbending a lump of
      stone out of the floor, casting the supplicant out of the frame.)

      Avatar Kyoshi: (voice over) A horrible tyrant, (cut to a close up of the
      stern tyrant) Chin was expanding his army to all corners of the continent.

      (Cut to a shot of a map of the Earth Kingdom. The white map is slowly
      spread over by a green shaded area. It begins in the northwest, spreads to
      the interior seas, and then north to the mountains and south to the
      islands. Only the enormous crater like feature in the northeast remains
      unconquered.

      The screen flashes again to show Chin’s army in formation on a
      battlefield. As Kyoshi’s speaks, the camera pans to show Chin in armor
      standing at the head of his troops.)

      Avatar Kyoshi: (voice over) When they came to the neck of the peninsula
      where we lived, he demanded our immediate surrender.
      (Chin stomps his foot once. The cut to Kyoshi walking towards Chin, who is
      o.c. to the left.)

      Avatar Kyoshi: (voice over) I warned him that I would not sit passively
      and while he took our home, but he did not back down.

      (Kyoshi stops, and the camera pans left suddenly to put them both in the
      same frame. Kyoshi is probably more than a foot taller than Chin.

      Chin assumes an earthbending stance. Cut to a frontal shot of Kyoshi. She
      raises her fan and blows Chin’s clothes off him right down to his
      underwear. Chin is surprised. Cut back to Kyoshi.)

      Avatar Kyoshi: (voice over) On that day, we split from the mainland.

      (Kyoshi closes her eyes, and opens them. They glow white briefly, then the
      camera zooms backwards. She jumps up, extends her fans, and slices one in
      a sweeping motion to her left. Cut to a wide shot of the peninsula. The
      peninsula rips open from her position all the way to where the land meets
      the sea as the army looks on. She does the same on her other side, then
      straightens up and closes her fans in one smooth motion.

      After a brief moment looking at the camera, she jumps up and lands with
      her legs bent and her tows pointed sideways. She strikes the ground with
      her two closed fans. Cut to Chin’s grave face, who maintains hi
      earthbending stance despite the power displayed before him.

      Shift to an underground shot which rips open to reveal Kyoshi standing
      atop the fissure. Kyoshi waves her fans in a few quick, but elaborate
      gestures and raises a wall of intense flame from the breach. The wall
      rises high into the air.

      The wall of flame then drops, and Kyoshi creates a gale that blows most of
      the army away behind Chin and pushes the island at ever increasing speed
      away from the mainland. Once the island is out of sight, Chin screams in
      frustration at his defeat. As he yells, the rock underneath him, which now
      hangs out over a shear drop to the surf below, crumbles. He falls into the
      water below.

      The vision ends. Fade from the newly made cliff in the past to the an
      overhead shot of the same area in the present.)

      Avatar Kyoshi: (voice over) I created Kyoshi Island (cut to Kyoshi’s face)
      so my people could be safe from invaders.
      (She lowers her face, and is consumed again by the whirlwind. The
      artificial darkness gets reeled back in by the wind. Soon, Aang is himself
      again, though drained. Katara runs forward and holds up as he threatens to
      faint. He drops one of Kyoshi’s fans.)

      Aang: (confused) So… what just happened‌
      Katara: Uhh… you kind of confessed. Sorry.
      Mayor Tong: (getting up in the background and brushing himself off) And I
      find you guilty! Bring out the wheel of punishment!

      (Cut to a wide shot as the crowd cheers. Cut to a shot of Momo who
      chitters and hides his face with his tail.

      Shift scene to Zuko standing behind Iroh, whose back is to the camera, at
      their cave.)

      Zuko: Uncle, I thought a lot about what you said.
      (Cut to a frontal shot of Iroh, Zuko visible in the background. Iroh turns
      his head towards his nephew.)

      Iroh: (pleased) You did‌ Good, good.

      Zuko: (without malice, but also without hesitation) It’s helped me realize
      something. We no longer have anything to gain by traveling together. I
      need to find my own way.

      (Cut to a shot of Iroh’s back. He looks down and slumps slightly in
      sadness. Cut to Zuko outside the cave. He picks up a pack and begins to
      walk away.)

      Iroh: Wait!

      (Iroh leads over their stolen ostrich horse and places the reigns in
      Zuko’s hands. Zuko looks back at his uncle once, then shakes the reigns
      and gallops away.)

      (Cut back to the trial, where a tilting down shot of the city reveals
      Aang, still in Kyoshi’s garb, standing before a wheel.)

      Bailiff: (deep monotone) The accused will now spin the wheel of punishment
      to determine his sentence.

      (Cut to a shot from behind Aang. The wheel is divided into eight wedges.
      Each of the wedges has a symbol on it that indicates the punishments he
      might draw. Among them are getting boiled in oil, a torture machine, eaten
      by a bear, eaten by a shark, forced to lie on a bed of spikes, getting
      burned alive, falling into a pit of razors, and community service. On top
      is an indicator that determines the punishment when the wheel stops
      spinning.)

      Aang: I said I would face justice, so I will.
      (He spins the wheel.)

      Spectator 1: (rooting) Come on, torture machine!
      Old Man: Eaten by bears!
      Spectator 2: Razor pit!
      Katara: (worried) Community service! Please stop on community service.
      Bailiff: Looks like it’s “boiled in oil.”

      (Cut to a wide shot of the plaza as the crowd cheers, then to close up of
      Aang’s face, the worry showing through the Kyoshi make up.

      The crowd cheers some more, and Aang looks dejected. Suddenly, a lit
      firebomb gets thrown into the screen. It bounces a few times before
      exploding. Cut to Sokka and Katara shielding themselves from the blast,
      then looking up at the voice they hear a moment later.)

      Colonel Mongke:(voice over) We’ve come to (shot expands to show the
      Colonel on his rhino and two others mounting the top of the amphitheatre)
      claim this village for the Fire Lord! Now show me your leader so I may…

      (Cut to a soldier who uses his halberd to destroy the statue of Chin the
      Conqueror.)

      Colonel Mongke:…dethrone him.

      Spectator 3: That’s him over there!

      (The spectator points to the Mayor who hides behind the wheel.)

      Mayor Tong: (cowers) You! Avatar! Do something!
      Aang: Gee, I’d love to help, but I’m supposed to be boiled in oil.
      Mayor Tong: (spins the wheel to the community service wedge and says
      quickly) There! “Community service.” Now serve our community and get rid
      of those rhinos!
      (Aang smiles and runs forward. He jumps into the air, shedding most of
      Kyoshi’s clothing except for her headdress. The camera zooms backward to
      reveal a rhino in the foreground. The rider readies his halberd. Cut to a
      shot behind Aang as he runs at the rhino, the camera following close
      behind. He leans forward and extends his arms out behind him like a
      fighter jet. Each hand holds one of Kyoshi’s fans, which he opens as he
      runs. He spins aside out of the rhino’s way at the last moment and uses
      the fan to airbend the rider out of his seat and off the side of the
      cliff.

      Cut to the Mayor who peeps out over the wheel as a rhino bears down on
      him. He turns in horror and slides down the back of the wheel. His eyes
      bug out as the creatures three horns bust through the wheel, one just
      above each shoulder and one between his legs.

      Cut to Aang, who locks eyes briefly with the Colonel.)

      Colonel Mongke : Rough Rhinos, to the town!

      (Cut to a shot of the rhinos and their rhinos now setting the town on fire
      with arrows and blasts of fire from their hands. The masked rider runs by
      a hay wagon and drops three sticks of dynamite into it. The wagon explodes
      as another rhino rushes by.

      Shift to another Fire Nation shoulder, shirtless and screaming as he
      throws a flail at Katara. She draws some water from her skin and uses the
      water to bend the flail back against her attacker. He is bound and
      helpless by his own weapon. She then whips the rhino with her water and it
      runs o.c.

      Cut to Sokka looking from behind a street corner at the Fire Nation
      archer. He two lit arrows ready to fire. Sokka uses reflected sun form his
      magnifying glass to distract him. The archer turns and fires the arrows.
      These miss Sokka, but they do take his silly hat on the way toward hitting
      the side bag attached to the masked Fire Nation’s soldier rhino who had
      just appeared behind Sokka. The side bag contains four sticks of dynamite.
      Sokka smiles and ducks.

      The masked man picks up the bag and throws it on the roof of a neighboring
      house. A moment later the house disappears under the thunderous explosion.
      The fate the masked man is unknown since the view of him was blocked by
      another building, but a moment later his helmet rolls by Sokka still
      crouched on the ground. Another bag also rolls into the frame, his
      boomerang hanging out of it.)

      Sokka: (happily) Boomerang! You do always come back!

      (The archer has returned and aims more arrows at Sokka, who throws his
      water pipe. The pipe sails through the air and engulfs both arrows in its
      maw – putting out their fires. The archer looks closely at the contraption
      in wonder.

      Cut to Katara facing off against another rider. She uses her water whip to
      cut the saddle straps. The rider falls off and starts getting dragged by
      his animal. Katara replaces the water into her skin.

      Cut to Aang running across a t junction. He still wears Kyoshi’s headdress
      and has her fans. He stops in the middle of the junction and looks down
      the street at the camera. Cut to the other end of the street where Colonel
      Mongke’s and his rhino appear. He and Aang look at each other. With a few
      quick movements, Mongke produces a constant flame from both arms and
      begins to charge at Aang at a gallop.

      Aang runs at him as well. He jumps of the wall of alley and propels
      himself over the Colonel’s head, using the fans and a blast of air to
      deflect the stream of fire. He drops down on the other side of the street
      having turned around in mid air. The acrobatics cost him the rest of
      Kyoshi’s gear, which fall a few seconds apart from each other around him.
      He gets back up and makes an air scooter. He hops on and runs down the
      street as the Colonel charges him again. He goes under the Colonel’s
      rhino, avoiding his fire. He in turn avoids Aang’s blast of air.

      The two antagonists have again reached opposite ends of the street. They
      face each other again, with a quick pan left shot on the Colonel and a pan
      right shot of Aang to accentuate the conflict. They run at each other
      again. Aang jumps into the air as he approaches, sails right through a
      blast of fire, and kicks the Colonel off the rhino with his feet. The
      Colonel lands o.c. with a crash as he passes through a wall.

      Fade to a night shot of fireworks in the sky, and confetti falling in
      front of the screen.)

      Mayor Tong: (voice over) From now on, (camera pans down to show the kids,
      backs to the camera, facing the crowd in the plaza) we’ll celebrate a new
      Avatar Day (cut to a frontal shot of the three kids, grinning) in honor of
      the day Avatar Aang saved us from the Rough Rhino Invasion.
      (They each hold a bowl. Sokka looks down at his.)

      Sokka: What is this‌
      (Cut to a shot of the cookies in the bowl.)

      Mayor Tong: (voice over) That’s our new festival food: (cut back to the
      Mayor) unfried dough. May we eat it (turns to address the crowd) and be
      reminded of how on this day the Avatar was not boiled in oil.

      (Crowd cheers. The three kids look uncertain. They each pick up a dough
      cookie. Cut to a closer shot of Katara. The cookie droops in her fingers.)

      Katara: (halfheartedly) Happy Avatar Day, everyone.

      (She eats it and the camera pans right to Aang, who has one sticking out
      his mouth, and then shows Sokka as well.)

      Sokka: This is by far the worst town we’ve ever been to.

      (They eat a few more cookies. Screen fades to white.)

      [End credits]
    </div>

=== "中文"

    <div class="script">
    第五回
神通节
你把什么东西放我嘴里了
模模，以后未经允许，不准擅闯我的领地
投降吧，你们已经被完全包围了
快点，快点，快点
我的天书卷轴
我的滑翼
驾！驾！
等等，我的飞去飞来
没时间了
哈，明白了，就有空去拿你们的卷轴和滑翼
-却没空拿我的飞去飞来？
-没错啊
噢~
索卡，抱歉没能拿回你的飞去飞来
我失去了有别于他人的特质
就像你失去了头上的箭头
就像卡塔拉丢失了她的...
...发圈
这是你们要的东西，马尾男
我曾经是“飞去飞来男”来着
嘿，是水族币啊
在这儿能用吧
是钱就没问题
神通节快乐啊！
神通节？
你们几个是去参加集会的吧？
竟然有个以神通命名的节日
我居然都不知道
看哪！他们做了个巨大的虚子像
后面还有罗库大师哩
办巨大的盛典以表示尊重
这主意太棒了，说实话
倍受欢迎的感觉真是太好了
这集市上的卤炸食品也是相当好吃啊
安昂，看哪
我从没看过这么大号的我
火炬，作武器应该不错，看起来够醒目，够危险
而且很有男人味，不过这东西坚持不了多久
嘿，那个男的想干嘛？
干掉神通！干掉神通！干掉神通！
这些东西你是从哪弄来的？
从哪来的有什么关系
干掉神通！干掉神通！干掉神通！
嘿，那个人想毁掉神通节
（party-pooper:指社交聚会上令人扫兴
的人或者煞风景的人）
不许你们说我的朋友
他是真的神通
他肯定要用可怕的神通功夫灭了咱们
我不会的，我...
你还是离开吧，神通，这儿不欢迎你
为啥这么对他？
安昂一直都在帮助黎民百姓
别害怕，我是站在你们一边的
你可真能信口开河
你的前世做的那些好事我们可是不会忘记的
虚子神通
谋杀了我们的领袖，伟大的秦君
你说我...曾经谋杀过人？
我们的领袖在世时，这儿曾强盛一时
看我们现在都变成啥样了
安昂不会做出那种事的
其他神通也都不会那么做的
你们怎能这样诋毁神通的声誉？
就让她看看我们眼中神通的声誉
给我个机会让我洗脱罪名吧
唯一能够证明你无辜的做法，就是接受审判
荣幸之至
你得遵从我们这儿的所有条令，包括赔付保释金
没问题
我怎么知道他们不收水族的货币
不就是有人不喜欢你嘛
有什么大不了
整个火宗的人不是都恨你入骨吗
干脆让我们把你劫出去得了
我不能那么做
你行的，你不是一般人
就那么咻~咻~咻~
再使招御气术
之后咱们就可以继续赶路了
我想那位“咻咻咻”先生是想说
你应该出去拯救世界
而不是被锁在这里无所事事
就这样逃了，我岂不是要背负杀人犯的罪名
我需要你们搜集证据，为我洗刷冤屈
我们又能做啥？那个谋杀案都是年前的事了
索卡，你能行，你更不是一般人
你可是个刑侦专家啊
没错，这种小案对你来说简直是手到擒来
是啊，在老家时他曾因破过“牛肉干案”而名噪一时
人人都认为是极地豹偷走的，还是我看出了破绽
是个叫杰科的老头...
他穿着极地豹靴做的案
那个足有磅重的极地豹
留下的足印怎么能那么浅呢
没错啦，我真是破案奇才
这么说你会帮我翻案喽
没问题，我得去准备一些新的装备
我准备好了
笑啥？
这就是案发现场
这个脚印就是凶手留下的
那是距今年前的一个黄昏时分
虚子从庙中出来，杀死了伟大的秦君
那场惨剧之后，我们建立了这座塑像
以寄托我们对领袖的哀思，请随便欣赏吧
这座庙和塑像是用同一块石头雕凿而成的
而这塑像是秦死后才建起来的
如果说二者是同时建起来的话，这就是说...
嘘，我正在推理呢
这就是说虚子从未踏足过那个庙
镇长的故事中有很大的破绽
但是并不足以证明安昂的清白
你说的没错
我们得去虚子岛调查调查
那东西你从哪搞的？
你是光头吧
身上还有纹身
看来这儿还真的很适合你
小安安去哪了？
可可，他没法来这儿
-噢
-我要见小安安嘛
岛主，安昂入狱了
秦镇的人说他的前世谋杀了他们的领袖
而那个前世就是虚子
虚子？竟瞎扯！
我带你们去她的祠堂吧
没准在那能找到澄清罪名的证据
那个，请问...苏琪还好吗？她在吗？
实际上，她和其他武士都离岛去参战了
你们对苏琪的影响很大
她说你激励了她，她想帮忙去改变这个世界
噢，是吗...那很好啊
虚子的祠堂是由一座庙改建的
牧师告诉我们从这些圣物中
仍然能感受到她的存在
这是她的和服
真是精致啊
请别上手
这两把扇子...是她的武器吗？
扇子也不许摸
这双是她的靴子？她的脚肯定很大吧
她的脚是历任神通中最大的
等等...大脚？
足印却很小...不可能啊...
啊咳，别没大没小的，在大侦探前你也想班门弄斧？
您说的对，我错了，请说
啊哈，那脚印不可能是虚子留下的
因此并没有证据证明她去过犯罪现场
聪明啊，索卡
你说的那个姑娘，她会明白的
你只管追她就是了
这样行吗？
-当然了！
-没错
你相当出色了
我不知道...
嘿！瞧你英俊潇洒、风流倜傥的
再说了，你可是降世神通
能认识你们真好
不要害怕告诉她你的感受
这幅图名叫“拓创虚子岛”
（画中文字：降世神通虚子今日拓创虚子岛，愿
吾民文化永绝于世界暴政）
图中所画的是虚子岛建立那天日出时的景象
实际上也就是年前的今天
年前？且慢，你确定是今天？
这就是“虚子日”的来由啦，我当然确定
这个仪式好像不是在日出时举行的
好像是在日落，看看这影子就知道了
他们向东指，这说明太阳肯定在西面
那又怎样？
如果虚子当时在日落的仪式上
那秦被杀时，她肯定不在场喽
她有不在场证明
尊敬的镇长，我们准备好了，可以为神通辩护
我们做了调查，发现了十分确凿的证据
证据？笑话！我们这儿可不兴那套
那我该怎么为自己澄清呢？
很简单，我说说事情的经过，然后再让你说说
最后我们决定谁说的正确
这就是我们说的公正
就是公家说的算，哈哈哈
（justice与 just us谐音，
原文应为公正就是只有我们&lt;说的算&gt;）
伟大的秦王赢得了众人的爱戴
而神通却突然出现并杀了他，这就是事情的经过
现在由被告陈词
你能行的，安昂，记住证据就行了
没错...证据
各位小姐先生们，我来告诉你们真正发生了什么
我会以事实来佐证
事实一...
脚印
哦，知道了，你们看，你们看，我的脚很大
另外，你们的...庙与塑像吻合
但是...日落时，我在画中
你们明白了吧，我是无辜的
他死定了
你可是真没少买啊
不过钱你是从哪搞的？
那个新壶你喜欢吗？
说实话
只要是好茶，无论是用瓷壶
还是用铁皮壶煮出来都一样香
我知道咱们最近过得很苦
但是坚持就是胜利
没什么可羞愧的
咱们穷得很有尊严
只有抓住降世神通才能找回我的尊严
祖寇
即便是你抓住了神通
也不见得就能够解决问题
时机未到
根本就没有什么希望了
不会的，祖寇，不要向绝望屈服
不要屈从于自己最低贱的本能
你不该就这么堕落下去
现在是最艰难的时候，你需要给自己希望
要保持住坚强的信念
唐镇长，我希望法庭能允许我做最后的陈词
我已经跟你说过了，只能有我和被告
不能找其他证人
来的并不是别人，我要传叫的是
虚子神通本人
你这是在干嘛？
那个，她不是安昂的前世吗
让他穿上虚子的饰物，没准能触发什么回忆
我可信不着那些饰物
居然胆敢藐视秦镇的法律
拜托，劳烦你再等一会
虚子一定会到场的
嘿，大家好，我是虚子神通
这真是太荒唐了
因谋杀伟大的秦君，法庭将...
是我杀了秦
他是一个可怕的暴君
秦在这片大陆上四处征讨
终有一日他的铁蹄踏到了我们居住的半岛
他要我们立刻弃械投降
我警告他我们不会坐以待毙的
不会让他夺走我们的家园
但是他仍不撤退
就在那天，我们和大陆分离了
我拓建了虚子岛，以使我的子民能够远离入侵者的铁蹄
嗯...发生什么事了？
呃，你刚刚服罪了，抱歉
现在判你有罪，惩罚之轮伺候
皇叔，你说的话我仔细考虑了一下
真的吗，很好，很好
你让我意识到一些事情，道不同不相为谋
咱们还是分道扬镳吧
等等
现在被告旋转轮盘
轮盘停止后指针指向的便是你要受的刑罚
我说过我会接受惩罚的，我不反悔
严刑拷打
拖去喂熊
利剑坑
社区服务！拜托停在社区服务上吧
看来是“油煎之刑”
即日起，该镇归烈火王管辖
把你们管事的给我交出来，好让我...
让我废了他
（dethrone：废黜）
他就在那儿呢
我说神通，别傻看着啊
这个，我到是愿意帮忙，不过我应该接受油煎之刑
看着没，你的刑罚是社区服务
赶紧给社区做点实事吧...
顺便把这些犀牛给我打跑
犀牛帮的兄弟，进攻
我的飞去飞来！就知道你舍不得我
从今以后，我们庆祝新的神通节
以感激安昂神通对我们的保护
他让我们免受犀牛帮的侵略
这是什么？
这是新的节日食物：免炸浆糊饼
吃这个是让大家铭记
神通在今天逃过了油煎之灾
大家神通节快乐
咱们去过的村镇里，这个最烂了
-=未完待续=-

水善国
土强国
火烈国
气和国
很久以前，这四大国和谐共处
然而，烈火国发起的战争结束了和平
只有同时掌握四种元素的降世神通才能结束战争
然而在大家最需要他的时候，他却消失了
年后，我和哥哥发现了转世的降世神通，
他是个御气师，名叫“安昂”
尽管他的御气术着实厉害
在拯救苍生之前，他要学的还有很多
但是我坚信
安昂 能拯救这个世界
-=降世神通=-
最后的气宗

降世神通 前情提要
我们得找到布米王
安昂才能无后顾之忧的学习御土术
这么说你们是要去奥玛舒喽
我向各位介绍土强国城池奥...噢，糟糕
看来我得找别人来教我御土术了
你要找的师傅定要懂得，
在攻击之前审时度势，善于聆听
在这片沼泽中，能看到我们失去的、
挚爱的人的幻象
那我的幻象该怎么解释呢
那个人我从来都没见过
第二卷
土
    </div>
