# S02E17 - Lake Laogai

**Languages:** English / 中文

<table class="script-table">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>English</th>
      <th>中文</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><pre class="script">
      Lake Laogai

      Written By : Tim Hedrick
      Directed By : Lauren Macmullan
      Storyboard By : Lauren Macmullan, Chris Graham, Kenji Ono, Dean Kelly,
      Dean Kelly, Tomihiro Yamaguchi, Joaquim Dos Santos
      Animation By: Dr. Movie
      Transcriber: Avatar_Mom and Isidorios

      [Introduction Sequence]

      [“Previously on Avatar” sequence includes clips from Jet, City of Walls
      and Secrets, Appa’s Lost Days.]

      (The Scene opens on the house in the upper ring the heroes have been using
      in Ba Sing Se. It shifts inside, to show a series of childishly drawn
      pictures of Appa lying on the floor. We see Sokka lying on his stomach,
      working intently on yet another sketch. A more distant shot shows Toph
      reclining on the floor nearby, while Momo licks her foot. Katara and Aang
      rush in through the front door.)

      Katara: We found a printer to make our posters. (holds up a poster with an
      expert rendition of Appa, picture of Aang, and dense script, while Aang
      smiles and points to it)
      Sokka: Hey, I thought designing “the lost Appa poster” was my job. I’ve
      been working all day on my Appa. (holds up a crude drawing with a proud
      smile)
      Aang: (perplexed) Sokka, the arrow is on Appa’s head. (Katara struggles to
      contain her laughter)
      Sokka: (pointing to the sketch) This IS his head.
      Katara: (taking it to study up close) Why are feet coming out of it‌
      Sokka: (snatching the sketch back indignantly) Those are his horns! (hangs
      his head) I haven’t seen him awhile ok‌
      Toph: (ironically) It looks just like him to me.
      Sokka: (flattered) Thank you, I worked really…(realization sets in) why do
      feel the need to do that‌
      Katara: Let’s just stick with the professional version.
      Sokka: Grrrr! (violently rips the drawing to tiny shreds)
      Aang: (enthusiastically) Come on, let’s get busy! (holds up two stacks of
      leaflets)

      (Cut to show Aang and Momo soaring at rooftop level over Ba Sing Se,
      dropping a stream of leaflets behind them into the city streets. We are
      then shown the tiny Tea Shop wherein Iroh and Zuko have been working.
      Inside Iroh is pouring tea for a wealthily dressed man and his bodyguards.
      As Iroh walks away, they sip the tea and smile, then rise to approach
      him.)

      Quon: So you’re the genius behind this incredible brew. The whole city is
      buzzing about you. (holds up the teacup in a hand glittering with jeweled
      rings) I hope Pao pays you well.
      Iroh: (smiling) Good tea is its own reward.
      Quon: But it doesn’t have to be the only reward. How would you like to
      have your own tea shop‌
      Iroh: (stunned) My own tea shop‌ This is a dream come true.
      Pao: (scampering to join conversation) What’s going on here‌ Are you
      trying to poach my tea maker‌ (throws himself protectively between Iroh
      and Quon)
      Quon: Sorry Pao, that’s business for you, am I right‌
      Pao: (increasingly desperate) Mushie, if you stay, I will make you
      Assistant Manager. Wait, Senior Assistant manager.
      Quon: I’ll provide you with a new apartment in the upper ring. The Tea
      shop is yours to do whatever you want. (Zuko glances over from busing a
      table) Complete creative freedom.
      Iroh: (elated) I even get to name the shop‌
      Quon: Of course!
      Pao: (pleading) Uh, Senior Executive Assistant Manager‌

      (Iroh sets the teapot into the hands of shop owner Pao, who grimaces in
      pain. Pao walks off as Iroh and Quon exchange respectful bows. Zuko
      crosses in the foreground, pausing as Iroh speaks to him.)

      Iroh: (excitedly) Did you hear nephew‌ This man wants to give us our own
      tea shop in the upper ring of the city.
      Quon: That’s right young man. You’re life is about to change for the
      better.

      (Zuko continues to walk away towards the front door, setting down the tray
      of cups)

      Zuko: (gravely) I’ll try to contain my joy. (steps outside)

      (Closing the door behind him, Zuko steps out to lean against the front of
      the teashop. One of the Appa leaflets flutters out of the sky, Zuko
      catches it out of the air and reads it. Realizing the import of it, he
      begins scanning the sky for the source of the paper. He climbs to the roof
      of the shop just as another scattering of them settle to the street.
      Looking at the leaflet once more, his face becomes set with determination.

      Cut to the interior of the upper ring house, where Katara and Sokka are
      playing a
      card game on a wooden table. Toph lies on her back nearby, bouncing a
      small ball off of a wall. Aang and Momo burst though the front door. Both
      approach the table.)

      Aang: I just finished dropping all the leaflets. Has anyone come in with
      news about Appa‌
      Katara: (studying her cards) It’s only been a day, just be patient.

      (Aang settles to rest his chin on the table dejectedly. A moment later
      there is a rapping on the front door.)

      Aang: (popping up eagerly) Wow, you’re right! Patience really pays off.
      (rushes to open the door) Joo Dee‌
      Joo Dee: (with usual eerie grin and careful speech) Hello, Aang and Katara
      and Sokka and Toph. (the other three gather to talk to her)
      Sokka: What happened to you‌ Did the Dai Li throw you in jail‌
      Joo Dee: (dismissively) What, jail‌ Of course not. The Dai Li are the
      protectors of our cultural heritage.
      Toph: But you disappeared at the Earth King’s party.
      Joo Dee: Oh, I simply took a short vacation to Lake Laogai, out in the
      country. It was quite relaxing. (Sokka’s face shows clear suspicion)
      Katara: But then they replaced you with some other woman who also said her
      name was Joo Dee.
      Joo Dee: I’m Joo Dee.
      Aang: Why are you here‌
      Joo Dee: (pulling out leaflet) Dropping flyers and putting up posters
      isn’t permitted within the city. Not without proper clearance.
      Sokka: (annoyed) We can’t wait around to get permission for everything.
      Joo Dee: (cheerfully grinning) You are absolutely forbidden by the rules
      of the city to continue putting up posters.
      Aang: (red faced and steaming with frustration, shouting) WE DON’T CARE
      ABOUT THE RULES, AND WE’RE NOT ASKING PERMISSON!! (flails his arms in
      outrage, starts backing an alarmed Joo Dee out the front door) We’re
      finding Appa on our own and you should just stay out of our way! (slams
      door shut)
      Sokka: (thoughtfully) That might come back to bite us in the blubber.
      Aang: (glaring at the door) I don’t care. From now on we do whatever it
      takes to find Appa.
      Toph: (raising arms in the air) YEAH! Let’s break some rules!

      (Toph turns and blasts out the nearest wall with earthbending.

      Cut to the outside. As the dust clears from the destroyed wall, the heroes
      leave out the front door. Panning back, we see a pair of Dai Li agents
      watching from atop a roof across the street. They lie on their stomachs,
      peering down over the peak of the tile rooftop, then slip away.

      Shift to the exterior of the Dai Li headquarters, then to the fire lit
      interior of Long Feng’s private audience chamber. Feng sits on a small
      chair, while Joo Dee kneels before him.)

      Long Feng: (calmly) I am very disappointed in your work with the Avatar
      and his friends, Joo Dee. I had hoped that you would be able to control
      this situation.
      Joo Dee: (distressed) I’m so sorry, but they don’t trust me anymore. I
      don’t think I can keep working like this. (covers her mouth, terribly
      upset)
      Long Feng: (softly) Joo Dee, the Earth King has invited you to Lake
      Laogai. (she looks up, and her pupils dilate)
      Joo Dee: (calmly) I am honored to accept his invitation.
      Long Feng: (nods) Good. Now go await further orders. (she rises and exits
      past two Dai Li)
      Long Feng: (rising and pacing) If the Avatar keeps searching for his
      bison, it could upset the delicate balance we worked so hard to achieve in
      this city. (picks up a scroll from a stand) It could even cost us control
      of the Earth King. (he stops to gaze into the green flames of the
      fireplace)
      Dai Li Agent: Should we take care of him‌
      Long Feng: (holding the scroll, gazes into the fire) No. It’s much too
      dangerous to confront him directly. Let’s see if we can still handle this…
      quietly.

      (Cut to the cramped apartment complex where Zuko and Iroh live, then
      inside, where Iroh is packing into a chest. The door slides open and Zuko
      enters.)

      Iroh: So, I was thinking about names for my new tea shop. How ‘bout the
      Jasmine Dragon‌ It’s dramatic, poetic, has a nice ring to it.
      Zuko: The Avatar’s here in Ba Sing Se. (holds out the leaflet) And he’s
      lost his bison.
      Iroh: (takes the leaflet) We have a chance for a new life here. (Zuko
      walks to stare out a window) If you start stirring up trouble, we could
      lose all the good things that are happening for us.
      Zuko: (spins around to face Iroh, clearly irate) Good things that are
      happening for you. Have you ever thought that I want more from life than a
      nice apartment and a job serving tea‌
      Iroh: (earnestly) There is nothing wrong with a life of peace and
      prosperity. I suggest you think about what it is that you want for your
      life, and why.
      Zuko: (turning to look outside again) I want my destiny.
      Iroh: What that means is up to you. (Zuko walks away from the window) The
      Tea Weevil! (shakes his head in disgust) No, that’s stupid.

      (Cut to Sokka brushing paste onto a stone wall, and plastering up an Appa
      Poster. In a narrow alley, Katara and Aang are pasting more of them up.
      Toph leans against the wall with arms crossed, near Sokka. Momo perches
      above their heads.)

      Sokka: Well split up to cover more area. Toph, I guess you should just
      come with me.
      Toph: (Peevishly) Why because you think I can’t put up posters on my own‌
      (grabbing his brush, she slashes glue across the wall, then slams a poster
      against it, face down)
      Toph: (dolefully) It’s upside-down isn’t it‌ I’ll just go with Sokka. (she
      hands him back the brush, and they all split up)

      (Cut to an open square, where Katara is affixing another poster to a stone
      plinth near a flowing water stream. Behind her, a familiar voice calls
      out.)

      Jet: Katara‌
      (Jet is seen emerging from an alleyway at the edge of the square. Katara
      wheels around with a startled gasp, as Jet walks strides toward her.)

      Jet: (smiling confidently) I think I can help you.

      (Katara’s shocked blush transforms into a look of pure outrage. With a
      sweep of her arms she bends up a pair of towering waves from the stream
      behind her, sending them crashing towards him.)

      Jet: Katara! I’ve changed!

      (Jet is overwhelmed by the tremendous cascade, and is swept backwards into
      the alleyway. Sliding into view, Katara draws a puddle up into a spinning
      sphere, ready to attack.)

      Katara: Tell it to some other girl, Jet!

      (Freezing the globe of water, she unleashes a barrage of ice spikes down
      the alley toward him. Whirling off-balance, Jet nonetheless manages to cut
      them out of the out of the air.)

      Jet: I don’t want to fight you! I’m here to help.

      (Holding out his hook-swords, he drops them to the ground as Katara draws
      closer. She stops, not sure what to think. He reaches behind his back for
      something, and Katara pins him with a flurry of ice blades. Sokka, Toph
      and Aang come rushing up behind her.)

      Sokka: Katara, what is it‌
      Katara: Jet’s back.

      (A long close-up of Jet’s face, then fade to black. The scene then
      re-opens in the alleyway.)

      Katara: (resolutely) We can’t trust anything Jet says.
      Sokka: But we don’t’ even know why he’s here.
      Katara: (with a hostile tone) I don’t care why he’s here. Whatever the
      reason is, it can’t be good.
      Jet: I’m here to help you find Appa.

      (Still pinned to the wall, Jet opens his hand to let a leaflet unroll.)

      Aang: (turning from the leaflet back to Katara) Katara, we have to give
      him a chance.
      Jet: (earnestly) I swear, I’ve changed. I was a troubled person, and I let
      my anger get out of control. But I don’t even have the gang now. I’ve put
      all that behind me.
      Katara: (bitterly) You’re lying!

      (Toph pushes past Katara, and places her palm on the wall close to Jet.)

      Toph: He’s not lying.
      Sokka: How can you tell‌
      Toph: I can feel his breathing and heart beat. When people lie, there is a
      physical reaction. He’s telling the truth. (Toph, Aang and Sokka turn to
      Katara)
      Aang: (beseechingly) Katara, we don’t have any leads. If Jet says he can
      take us to Appa, we have to check it out.
      Katara: (shoulders sagging in resignation) Alright…(suddenly stabbing a
      finger at Jet) but we’re not letting you out of out sight!

      (She stabs her finger at Jet once more for emphasis, eyes narrowed.

      We cut to Jet entering a dimly lit warehouse, which sits empty except for
      a few sacks and a pile of canvas and rope.)

      Jet: This is the place I heard about. (everyone begins looking around)
      Aang: There’s nothing here.
      Katara: (angrily) If this is a trap!…(she readies an attack)
      Jet: I told you, I work nearby! Two guys were talking about some giant
      furry creature they had. I figured it must be Appa.
      Toph: (offscreen) He was here!

      (Toph has discovered a handful of white fur, and the other rush to her
      side.)

      Aang: (stroking the clump of fur sadly) We missed him.

      (An old white haired man with a push-broom crosses behind the slumping
      Aang.)

      Janitor: They took that big thing yesterday. (Aang straightens with a
      shocked look) Shipped him out to some island. About time, I’ve been
      cleaning up fur and various, uh leavings all day. (begins walking off
      again)
      Aang: (frantically catching up with him) What island!‌ Where’s Appa‌!
      Janitor: (wearily) Foreman said some rich royal type on Whaletail Island
      bought him up, guess for a zoo or such, though could be the meat would be
      good.
      Aang: (anxiously) We’ve gotta get to Whaletail Island. (turns to the
      others, where Sokka is reading a map) Where’s whale tail island‌
      Sokka: (glumly) Far. Very far. (lays the map of the world on the floor,
      pointing) Here it is. It’s near the South Pole almost all the way back
      home.

      (Everyone kneels around the map.)

      Katara: Aang, It’ll take us weeks just to get to the tip of the earth
      kingdom. And then we’ll need to find a boat to get to the island.
      Aang: (standing) I don’t care. We have a chance to find Appa. We have to
      try.
      Janitor: (passing in the background) Must be nice to visit an island. I
      haven’t had a vacation for years.
      Katara: (crossly) Don’t you have some more hair to clean up‌
      Janitor: (dismally) Shuffle on, I get ya. No more need for “old sweepy.”
      Katara: You’re right Aang. (places hand on his shoulder) Right now, our
      first concern has to be finding Appa. We can come back when we have him.
      Sokka: (setting off) All right, let’s get moving.
      Jet: (stepping towards them) I’ll come with you.
      Katara: (firmly) We don’t need you help.
      Jet: Why won’t you trust me‌ (walks after Sokka and Aang)
      Katara: (arms crossed) Gee, I wonder‌ (turns and raises her head in a
      huff)
      Toph: (standing beside her) Was this guy your boyfriend or something‌
      Katara: (startled) What‌ No! (turns her head the other direction)
      Toph: (teasingly) I can tell you’re lyyyyying.

      (Katara stomps off blushing. We cut to the streets of Ba Sing Se, where
      Jet walks beside the four heroes.)

      Sokka: We can take the train out to the wall, but then we’ll have to walk.

      Aang: (cheerfully) Don’t worry, on the way back, we’ll be flying!
      Toph: (with exaggerated relief) We’re finally leaving Ba Sing Se. (thows
      her arms wide) Worst city ever!

      (As Toph starts to catch up with the others, we see Smellerbee and
      Longshot emerge from a side-street in the distance. Both seem astonished
      to see Jet in the street.)

      Smellerbee: (shouting) Jet!

      (Katara turns in surprise, as Jet continues walking indifferently. She
      looks to Jet angrily.)

      Katara: (accusingly) I thought you said you didn’t have your gang anymore‌

      Jet: (turns with a bewildered look) I don’t.

      (Smellerbee throws herself against Jet, wrapping her arms around him with
      a look of utter relief)

      Smellerbee: We were so worried. How did you get away from the Dai Li‌
      Katara: (aghast) The Dai Li‌!
      Jet: I don’t know what she’s talking about‌ (everyone stops and draws
      closer to Jet and Smellerbee)
      Smellerbee: He got arrested by the Dai Li a couple weeks ago. We saw them
      drag him away.
      Jet: (baffled) Why would I be arrested‌ I’ve been living peacefully in the
      city.
      Toph: (kneeling down, with a palm on the street between them) This doesn’t
      make any sense. They’re both telling the truth.
      Katara: That’s impossible.
      Sokka: (thoughtfully) No, it’s not. Toph can’t tell who’s lying because
      they both think they’re telling the truth. Jet’s been brainwashed. (points
      at Jet accusingly)
      Jet: (distressed) That’s crazy! It can’t be. (stars looking around in a
      panic) Stay away from me.

      (Everyone encircles Jet, and they begin to close in around him.

      Cut to the night sky, lit by the full moon. A long Dai Li agent walks down
      the street past the entrance to an alley. Charging up the street behind
      him is the masked figure of the Blue Spirit.)

      Blue Spirit: Out of my way, skinny.

      (He knocks the Dai Li to his knees, and continues rushing past him. The
      agent readies his stone-glove attack, but the Blue Spirit turns and
      disappears down a side street. Rising to his feet, the agent rushes in
      pursuit. Rounding the corner, he sees the Blue Spirit waiting in the
      darkness, and launches his stone gloves at him, one after the other. The
      second stone fist removes the Blue Spirit’s head, which we now see is a
      straw-filled dummy. The dummy collapses to the ground. )

      Dai Li Agent: (perplexed) Huh‌

      (There is the whisper of a drawn blade behind him, and the Blue Spirit
      appears at his back, placing a sword at his throat.)

      Blue Spirit: (menacingly) If you don’t want to end up like him. You’ll do
      what I say.

      (Cut to the outside of an apartment, where Momo suspends by his tail from
      a clothesline. Inside, from Jet’s p.o.v., we see the Heroes and the
      Freedom fighters crowded together, regarding him suspiciously.)

      Katara: The Dai Li must have sent Jet to mislead us, and that janitor was
      part of their plot too.
      Aang: (looking to her) I bet they have Appa here in the city. Maybe he’s
      in the same place they took Jet. (turns back to Jet) Where did they take
      you‌ (Jet is seen sitting on a stool, his head hanging low)
      Jet: (befuddled) Nowhere. (raises his head) I, I don’t know what you’re
      talking about.
      Aang: We need to find a way to jog his real memories.
      Sokka: (provokingly) Maybe Katara could kiss him. That should bring
      something back.
      Katara: (annoyed) Maybe you should kiss him, Sokka.
      Sokka: (slyly) Hey, just an idea.
      Aang: (peeved) A bad one.
      Sokka: Oo, wait. I got it. (Sokka plucks a straw from his mattress, pokes
      it into Jet’s mouth in trademark fashion, then regards him thoughtfully)
      Jet: I don’t think its working. Puh! (spits it onto the floor)
      Toph: Try to think of something from your past that triggers your
      emotions.
      Smellerbee: The Fire Nation, remember what they did to your family.
      Katara: Close your eyes. Picture it.

      (Jet closes his eyes, and sweat beads on his forehead. They suddenly snap
      wide as a light seems to flash inside his head, and we are transported
      back to the scene of his burning village. A screaming woman flees the
      blaze, as a young Jet stands transfixed at the dreadful scene. Surrounded
      by flames, the leader of the Rough Riders turns slowly to glare at him.
      Young Jet stands there helplessly, tears streaming down his face as the
      bright embers waft about him. We return to a close-up of Jet’s
      horror-struck eyes, then he droops forward, exhausted.)

      Jet: (shaken) No! It’s too painful.
      Katara: Maybe this will help.

      (Katara steps behind him, drawing out a portion of her bending water. She
      places moves the water and her hands to the sides of his head, and we see
      the glow of her healing powers. Jet stares down at the shadow cast on the
      floor before him by the light of her energies. As his eyes follow the
      floorboards, gaps appear, revealing blue waters. The far side of the room
      is replaced by the distant shore of a great lake, and Long Feng can be
      seen standing in the distance upon its surface. Long Feng regards Jet
      grimly, and suddenly Jet plunges down into the dark depths of the lake. He
      emerges inside a vast man-made subterranean chamber. The scene flashes to
      show him being subjected to the hypnotic light of an orbiting lantern by a
      pair of Dai Li agents. He shuts his eyes against the light, and the scene
      changes to the closed eyes of Jet inside the apartment.)

      Jet: (tentatively) They took me to a headquarters under the water, like a
      lake.
      Sokka: Wait! Remember what Joo Dee said‌ She said she went on vacation to
      Lake Laogai.
      Jet: (jumping to his feet) That’s it! Lake Laogai.

      (The scene fades to black, then opens to the aerial view of a vast lake,
      surrounded by rugged hills. In a shot from the shore, we see the Freedom
      Fighters and the Heroes lined up on the misty shore.)

      Sokka: So where’s this secret headquarters‌
      Jet: (scratching his head) Under the lake I think.
      Toph: (pointing to her right) There’s a tunnel right there near the shore.

      (She walks that direction, whistling. Reaching the water’s edge Toph jumps
      up in an earthbending move, and a stone pathway rises to the surface. Toph
      walks along it to a stone disc, which she bends aside. Everyone peers down
      into the dark shaft, and Momo flies away chittering nervously. From the
      depths of the shaft, we see a narrow ladder leads up to the tiny circle of
      light where the heroes stand, far above. The scene changes to a view of
      the underground base similar to the one in Jet’s vision, a crosshatch of
      large passages lit by greenish firestone lanterns. A pair of Dai Li walk
      off into a side tunnel, and we pan back to see the assembled group
      cautiously descending a dark stairway to the main chamber.)

      Jet: (leading the group) It’s all starting to come back to me.

      (Jet edges quietly to a partially opened door, then moves on, followed by
      the others. As they peer inside in turn, they see rows of identically
      dressed young women standing hypnotically before a Dai Li agent.)

      Dai Li Agent: I’m Joo Dee. Welcome to Ba Sing Se.
      Joo Dees: (in perfect unison) I’m Joo Dee. Welcome to Ba Sing Se.
      Dai Li Agent: We are so lucky to have our walls to create order.
      Joo Dees: (in perfect unison) We are so lucky to have our walls to create
      order.
      Jet: (once more leading) I think there might be a cell big enough to hold
      Appa up ahead. (he stops before a sealed stone door) I think it’s through
      here.

      (We see the stone door slide away from the other side, and light spills
      into a chamber. Inside Appa is chained to the floor, and the light from
      the doorway casts the shadow of a figure on him as the bison rises. Appa
      moans uncertainly.)

      Zuko/Blue Spirit: Expecting someone else‌ (stepping into the chamber, he
      draws a sword, while Appa shifts nervously in his chains)

      (An identical door slides open, revealing Jet, with the others behind him.
      Inside a massive shadowy cavern, the dark shapes of Dai Li can be barely
      seen suspended from the ceiling. Far below, the heroes cautiously enter,
      and the stone door abruptly slides shut behind them. They spin around in
      surprise, as the room is plunged into darkness, then green lanterns flare
      to life, illuminating the vast cave. Only now do they notice the Dai Li
      high above them, suspended from chains or clinging to the ceiling itself.
      Ahead, Long Feng waits with several more Dai Li.)

      Sokka: (as everyone stares up) Now that’s something different.
      Long Feng: (grimly) You have made yourselves enemies of the state. (The
      camera pans across the determined faces of the heroes, as Longshot notches
      an arrow.) Take them into custody.

      (The Dai Li drop down to the floor, encircling the heroes. Two agents
      launch a stone fist attack, but Toph disintegrates them in mid-flight. As
      the dust clears, she launches them across the room with a pair of rock
      pillars.

      Behind her, Jet turns and rushes another pair, cutting their stone fist
      projectiles from the air. Sliding along the ground past the first, he
      trips the second with his hook sword, slamming him hard to the ground.

      Long Feng watches dispassionately as Aang deals with two more of his Dai
      Li with air and earthbending. Katara and Sokka manage to destroy two more
      of the glove projectiles before being seized by two more. Toph intervenes
      with a stone wall before they can be drug to the waiting Dai Li. They send
      a rush of stone towards Toph, but she rises high into the cavern on a
      pillar of rock, forcing them to pursue her the same way.

      Two more Dai Li race up the walls to either side of her, to strike out at
      Toph with horizontal columns of stone. High in the cavern, Toph swats
      aside the first two agents, then leaps to avoid the two columns as they
      crash together beneath her. Landing atop them, she bends up a pair of
      stone blocks from the columns, using them to drive away both of the
      remaining agents simultaneously. A fist of stone grabs the back of her
      shirt, and she is hauled through the air toward a waiting Dai Li. Jet
      intervenes at the last moment. Leaping past he hooks her belt with his
      sword, pulling her to safety as the agent kicks a stone foot attack after
      them. Longshot covers them as they land, intercepting the missile with one
      of his arrows. Joined by two of his brethren, the Dai Li retaliate with
      three fist attacks at Longshot, but Jet cuts them from the air with a
      whirlwind of slashes.

      Meanwhile Long Feng has seen enough. He flees from the room, sealing a
      stone door behind him. Back at the battle, Aang lands and blows two Dai Li
      aside with a burst of air.)

      Aang: Long Feng is escaping!

      (Aang and Jet break free from the melee to pursue him. Aang blasts open
      the stone door, and they race down the passageway after the minister. They
      follow him as he turns into yet another chamber, a large room filled with
      pipe openings. As the enter, the door seals behind them, and Long Feng
      drops from the ceiling behind them.)

      Long Feng: (threateningly) Alright Avatar, you’ve caused me enough
      problems. This is your last chance, if you want your bison back.
      Aang: (outraged) You do have Appa. Tell me where he is!
      Long Feng: Agree to exit the city now, and I’ll waive all charges against
      you and allow you to leave with your lost pet.
      Jet: (raising his swords) You’re in no position to bargain.
      Long Feng: (haughtily) Am I not‌
      Aang: (brandishing his staff) You’re definitely not!
      Long Feng: Jet, The Earth King has invited you to Lake Laogai.
      Jet: (pupils dilating) I am honored to except his invitation.

      (Jet suddenly makes a brutal double slash at Aang’s neck, which he nimbly
      avoids.
      Leaping away from him, Aang reels backward in dismay as Jet charges him,
      snarling with anger.
      Cut to Appa in his cell. He is growling and stamping his feet at the Blue
      Spirit, who stands just beyond his reach.)

      Blue Spirit: You’re mine now.

      (The door behind the Blue Spirit, and a shadow is seen in the light
      spilling inward. The Blue Spirit turns and readies both his swords to
      attack. Iroh enters the room, closing the door behind him.)

      Blue Spirit: (taken aback) Uncle‌
      Iroh: (feigning puzzlement) So, the Blue Spirit. I wonder who could be
      behind that mask‌
      Zuko: (removing his mask) What are you doing here‌
      Iroh: I was just about to ask you the same thing. What do you plan to do
      now that you have found the Avatar’s bison‌ Keep it locked in our new
      apartment‌ Should I go put on a pot of tea for him‌
      Zuko: First I have to get it out of here.
      Iroh: (incensed) AND THEN WHAT‌! You never think these things through!
      This is exactly what happened when you captured the Avatar at the North
      Pole! You had him, and then you had no where to go!
      Zuko: (heatedly) I would have figured something out!
      Iroh: (shouting angrily) No!! If his friends hadn’t found you, you would
      have frozen to death!
      Zuko: (looking away in anguish) I know my own destiny uncle.
      Iroh: (forcefully) Is it your own destiny‌ Or is it a destiny someone else
      has tried to force on you‌
      Zuko: (in torment) Stop it Uncle. I have to do this. (turns away, toward
      Appa)
      Iroh: (pleading furiously) I’m begging you Prince Zuko! It’s time for you
      to look inward, and begin asking yourself the big questions. Who are you‌
      And what do you want‌

      (With a cry of frustration, Zuko hurls both of his swords to the ground,
      followed by the Blue Spirit mask. The camera rises towards the opening in
      the distant ceiling. Appa is shown anchored by chains on each of his legs,
      as Zuko’s shout continues to echo throughout the chamber.

      We return to Jet and Aang, as Aang backpedals in a desperate attempt to
      avoid Jet’s furious assault. He pleads with Jet as he continues to dodge
      his attacks.)

      Aang: (desperately) Jet, it’s me Aang! You don’t have to do this.
      Long Feng: I’m afraid he no longer has a choice.

      (Standing between them, a panting Jet, pauses to catch his breath. His
      eyes remain inky pools, and sweat runs down his face. With a shout, he
      renews his attack, showing evidence of tiring as Aang evades him. The
      Avatar propels him backwards with a blast of air. Jet slows himself with
      the hooks of his swords, which spark against the stone floor. Aang takes
      this opportunity to resume pleading with him.)

      Aang: Jet, I’m your friend! Look inside your heart! (Jet, gasping, seems
      conflicted)
      Long Feng: Do your duty Jet. (Jet slowly approaches Aang, swords raised)
      Aang: He can’t make you do this! You’re a Freedom Fighter.

      (At these final words, Jet straightens in shock. Everything goes white,
      and a tableau of images from his past flood his mind. We see Smellerbee,
      brandishing two swords in front of a tent, a dagger clenched in her teeth.
      The Duke and Pipsqueak are shown standing together. Scenes of him standing
      against a shy Katara. Cheers of the Freedom fighters as they feast in the
      tree fortress. Standing with Smellerbee and Longshot aboard the ferry.
      Sitting and speaking with Iroh and Zuko on the ferry deck. Handing food
      out to the passengers. Being dragged away by the Dai Li, and the
      brainwashing beneath the lake. Faces flash by rapidly, Iroh, Colonel
      Mongke, Long Feng, his own at various ages. Jet stands motionless,
      overcome by the thoughts racing through his brain. Behind him, Long Feng’s
      voice cuts through his mental fog.)

      Long Feng: Do it! Do it now!

      (With a snarl of rage, Jet whirls and hurls one of his swords directly at
      Long Feng. It shrieks toward him, imbedding its pommel-spike in the stone
      wall as Long Feng avoids it. Long Feng simultaneously attacks with his
      earthbending, sending an out-thrust of stone rocketing towards Jet. When
      the dust clears, we see Jet is lying on the ground motionless, having
      taken the full brunt of the brutal attack. Momentarily stunned by the
      ferocious attack, the Avatar starts to rush Long Feng, who lifts himself
      to the entrance of a tunnel on a column of stone.)

      Long Feng: (contemptuously) Foolish boy. You’ve chosen your own demise.

      (He turns and vanished down the dark passage, as Aang moves over to where
      Jet lies.)

      Jet: (weakly) I’m sorry, Aang.
      Aang: (sitting at his side) Don’t be.

      (Behind Aang, the doorway slides open, revealing the rest of his allies.
      They all rush forward to surround the stricken Jet, wearing sorrowful and
      shocked expressions. Katara draws forth her bending water, kneels beside
      him, and applies her healing powers to his chest.)

      Katara: (turning to the others) This isn’t good.
      Smellerbee: You guys go find Appa. We’ll take care of Jet.
      Katara: We’re not going to leave you.
      Long Shot: (speaking for the first time) There’s no time. Just go. We’ll
      take care of him. He’s our leader.

      (The four heroes look at him with expressions of wonder.)

      Jet: (tenderly) Don’t worry Katara, I’ll be fine.

      (Jet smiles weakly up at her, and she closes her eyes in grief before
      rising to her feet. The heroes file off somberly, leaving the Freedom
      Fighters behind. Toph and Sokka bring up the rear.

      Toph: (softly) He’s lying.

      (Behind them, Smellerbee weeps over Jet. Longshot watches the heroes
      disappear down a passageway, before readying an arrow to cover the other
      entrance. Smellerbee gently strokes Jet’s forehead as he prepares his
      final stand.

      Cut to a stone door, which slides aside to reveal Toph, with the others
      close behind her. They step into a room where the six manacles lie empty
      within the prison.)

      Aang: Appa’s gone. Long Feng beat us here.
      Sokka: If we keep moving, maybe we can catch up to him.

      (An outcropping of rock bearing a circular stone plug arises at the edge
      of the lake. Cracks form on the plug, and it shoots off to shatter on the
      nearby cliff face. The four heroes emerge and start racing along the
      narrow shoreline. Glancing over his shoulder, Aang sees nine Dai Li emerge
      in pursuit from the hole behind them.

      Sokka: (running beside Aang) Do you think we can out run them‌
      Aang: I don’t think it’s gonna matter.

      (Ahead we see six more Dai Li flanking the waiting Long Feng. The six
      agents bend up a thirty foot wall of stone beneath Long Fengs feet,
      sealing the strip of land between the cliffside and the lake. The heroes
      draw to a stop, and behind them the Dai Li raise up another wall, boxing
      them in. They are enclosed and surrounded by eighteen Dai Li, who cling to
      the edges of the walls and the cliffside while Long Feng watches from atop
      the first wall. Momo, sweeps down out of the sky and lands on Aang’s
      shoulder chattering excitedly.)

      Aang: What is it Momo‌

      (Momo launches upward, past Long Feng, to disappear into the bright midday
      sun. Moments later Appa emerges from the dazzling light, hurtling
      downwards towards them. The four heroes look upwards with expressions of
      delight.)

      Aang: Appa!

      (Appa swoops down and smashes through the first wall, continuing onward
      through the second. The Dai Li perched on the wall are knocked senseless
      by the bursting walls, and fall to the ground or spill into the water.
      Aang and Toph bend the cliff that the remaining agents are perched on,
      flinging them far out into the lake. Appa circles around to land heavily
      near the shaken Long Feng, as the remaining Dai Li flee. Turning from his
      fleeing men, Long Feng faces an enraged Appa.)

      Long Feng: I can handle you by myself.

      (He launches a kick at Appa, who catches his leg in his teeth. With a
      mighty toss of his powerful neck, Appa sends him skipping far out across
      Lake Laogai, to disappear with a final splash. The sky-bison pauses
      momentarily before spitting out his shoe. Aang, Sokka, Katara and Momo
      throw themselves onto the shaggy bison, while Toph strokes his nose.)

      Sokka: (hugging his leg) Yeah! Appa!
      Aang: (head pressed in his fur, crying) I missed you, buddy.

      (Appa’s great brown eyes close in contentment. We cut to the heroes riding
      Appa over Lake Laogai. Katara stares down wistfully at the lake’s surface,
      eyes brimming with tears. Aang puts a hand on her shoulder, and she turns
      back to them, wiping a tear. All four of the gather in an embrace, as Appa
      carries them off into the distance. Panning to the shore, we see Zuko and
      Iroh emerge from the passage originally uncovered by Toph.)

      Iroh: You did the right thing, nephew. (Zuko pulls out the Blue Spirit
      mask, regarding its demonic visage as Iroh rests a hand on its shoulder)
      Leave it behind.

      (Zuko walks to the edge and drops the mask into the lake, where it slowly
      sinks into the depths.)

      [End Credits]
</pre></td>
      <td><pre class="script">
第二十回
（第二卷 最终回）
命运的岔路口
我说，卡塔拉到底遇到了什么麻烦？
我不知道，我只是预见到她需要我们的帮助
如果神通的预知能力能够与时俱进
变得精准点就更好了
那是什么东西？
要搭顺风“牛”吗？
土强王和五人议会都不信任戴笠
他们抓了你们的总领，长风大人
收拾你们只是迟早的事
时至今日，掌握实权是关乎我们命运的大事
我们的行动必须快且准
这样才能出其不意
土强王和其他五位将军必须同时拿下
这次颠覆行动，长风大人让我全权处理
如果让我知道你们有任何不忠、
犹豫或者胆怯的举动
我定当格杀勿论
收队吧
阿祖拉，真有你的，你讲的既漂亮又有诗意
还很有震慑力呢
是啊，我想其中一个都让你给吓得尿裤子了
我们还有一些收尾工作要做
要收拾掉神通，还有我的皇兄和皇叔
我时常梦想自己能来到这儿
来到这宫殿的门槛之前
在幻想中，我应是个征服者的形象，没料到
我们是作为土强王的客人到此
并且还要给他奉茶
命运真爱捉弄人啊
可不是嘛，皇叔
你在古鲁那儿怎么样？掌握好神通形态了吗？
如果你现在离开，你将不能进入神通形态
安昂，你还好吗?
挺好的
我跟古鲁相处的很好
我已经完全掌握神通状态了
皇上怎么还没来啊？
没准土强王睡过头了
事有蹊跷
品茶时间到了
阿祖拉
你们已经见过戴笠了吧？
他们都是御土师，可却拥有御火师般的杀手天分
简直就是为我定做的
不知道我的外号叫“西方神龙”吗？
皇叔，我对你那些又臭又长的故事不感兴趣
我可不是浪得虚名
快跳，不会有事的
不，我已经厌倦逃跑了
这次我要跟阿祖拉来个了断
你还真是感情用事啊
你要干嘛，想在烈火祭上挑战我吗？
没错
我要和你决斗
我可没兴趣
卡塔拉没事，你们没有必要担心
不过我预感到她好像出事了
呃，她与议会的将军们商讨侵入的作战计划之后
就和虚子武士离开了
她们不是你们的朋友吗？
看吧，安昂，她跟苏琪在一起
她们没准已经回公寓唠嗑去了
好吧，没准你是对的
相信我，如果有危险的话，波斯科能感觉得到
动物的直觉最准了
你有伴了
祖寇
模模
这儿没有人
卡塔拉有麻烦了，我就知道
哦，糟了
等等，有人来了
事实上，我知道来人是谁
是我的一位老朋友
看到你没事了，真好
我需要你们的帮忙
你们俩居然认识
我们在森林里有过一面之缘
我当时把他撞倒了
之后他给我茶喝，还给了我很好的建议
我能进来吗？
阿祖拉在永固城
卡塔拉肯定是被她抓走了
她也抓走了我皇侄
那我们就合伙斗阿祖拉吧
把卡塔拉和祖寇给救出来
喔，等等，你是说救祖寇？
我知道你们怎么看我的皇侄
不过请相信我，他也有好的一面
光有好的一面有什么用？
他那坏得一面已经害得我们好惨了
卡塔拉有危险，整个永固城都很危险
只有协同作战，我们才有胜算
我还带了个人，他应该能帮到咱们
阿祖拉和长风正打在筹划叛乱
他们想推翻土强王
他们把我妹妹、卡塔拉关哪儿了?
他们被关在老永固城的水晶地陵中，就在皇宫下面
所有的将军和土强王都将按计划一步步地除去
很好，那位烈火国公主合作吗？
哦，是的，她不只是合作
现在都已经全权接管了
她态度令人畏惧，不过却很鼓舞士气
这种感觉很难说清楚
他们为什么把你关在这儿？
哦，等等，让我猜猜，这是个陷阱
当安昂来救我时，你就可以趁机偷袭抓住他
你可真是坏得冒泡了，你说说你
总是跟着我们，追捕神通
试图消灭使世界恢复和平的最后希望
你当然不会在乎了，你可是烈火王之子
宣扬战争和暴力是你的本职
憎恨一直流淌在你的血液之中
你根本就不知道自己在说些什么
我不知道？真是大言不惭！
你知道这战争从我身上夺走了什么？
只剩下孤零零的我
火宗人夺走了我妈妈的生命
我很抱歉
你的痛我能感同身受
你们猜怎么着
这下面的确有座古城，不过埋的很深
我们分头行动吧，安昂
你和艾洛去救卡塔拉和那个愤青
我这么说你不介意吧
我不会放在心上的
我和拓芙去找土强王戳穿阿祖拉的阴谋
那个，拓芙说你曾给她很好的建议
你泡的茶也很好喝
诀窍就在于泡茶的时间
你在烦心什么？
那个，我去见了个古鲁
他说能帮我掌握神通形态
让我学会如何控制那股巨大的力量
不过若要修成正果，只有放弃我所爱的人
我就是做不到
所谓的完美和力量都是身外之物
我想你选择幸福和爱情是明智之举
如果我不能拯救所有人并战败阿祖拉该怎么办？
如果不能使用神通形态
我得力量不足以完成使命该怎么办？
我也不知道答案
有时生活就像这条黑暗的隧道
隧道的尽头不可能永远都有明灯指路
不过只要你不断前行
总会到达更好的地方的
那是郝将军
你们要干嘛？
我们奉命将您软禁
他们正在实行颠覆行动
我们得去警告土强王
太好了，幸好还来的及
来的及干嘛？
是啊，你要来得及干嘛啊？
帅哥？
嗯，我已经名草有主了，跟苏琪
跟谁？
她们不是虚子武士
抱歉让你失望了
咱们好像在一起跳舞啊
不用打了，已经分清胜负了
把他们给我带走
抱歉我欺骗了你
戴笠，把烈火国公主给我拿下
我说，把她拿下
你们愣在那儿干嘛？
因为他们还没下定决心
他们在等着看后面的好戏呢
你在说什么胡话？
从你的眼睛就可以把你看穿
你生来就一无所有
所以你拼命挣扎、不惜代价的爬上仕途
不过你确是具备登基称皇的能力
实际上，他们不确定皇冠将会带在谁的头上
而谁又会成为阶下囚
不过我知，你也知
怎样
没想到我居然在自己的游戏中输给了你
别抬举自己了
这场游戏你根本就没有玩的资格
抱歉我之前冲你嚷嚷
没关系
只不过一直以来，一提到敌人
我眼前浮现的就是你的脸
我的脸，我明白了
不，不，我不是那个意思
没关系，我脸上的疤已经成为我的标志了
那是被驱逐的王子的标志
是要永远追逐神通的诅咒
不过最近，我意识到
我可以自由选择自己的命运
尽管我脸上的伤疤永远也消除不掉了
也许我可以帮你
真的？
我有治愈的能力
那可是疤，治不好的
这水来自于北极的灵洲
它有特殊的功效
所以我一直留着它以备不时之需
虽然我还不知道它是否有效，不过...
安昂！
安昂，我就知道你会来救我的
皇叔，你怎么会和神通在一起？
当然是为了救你啊
祖寇，咱俩该好好聊聊了
去帮你们的朋友吧
我们随后就来
为什么，皇叔？
祖寇，你已经不是原来的你了
你比以前更强壮，更聪慧，更自由
现在你正站在命运的岔路口上
是时候该作出选择了，是时候该弃暗投明了
我早就料到皇叔会背叛火宗的
不过祖寇，祖寇王子殿下
你并不一样，你绝不是个叛徒
对吧？
赶快放了他！
祖寇，现在还为时不晚
你还可以将功赎罪
她分明是想害你，不要信她
皇叔，为什么不让他自己决定呢？
我需要你，祖寇
为了今天，我谋划好了每一步
今天将被载入烈火国的史册
只有我们合作才能胜利
今天结束后，你将夺回你的荣耀
还会赢回父皇对你的爱，你将会得到你想要的一切
祖寇，我求你了，扪心自问
问问自己想要的到底是什么
你自己选择吧
我们得找到索卡和拓芙
附近有戴笠的人吗？
没有
四周无人
咱们走
我不能丢下波斯科不管
我原以为你已经改变了
我的确改变了
来嘛，很简单的
你只是用前掌走路
而不用后腿，像这样
功夫不错啊
这熊你们尽管带走吧
他们人数太多了
只有忘却她，你才能掌握神通形态
卡塔拉，对不起
你们赶紧逃出去
我在这儿尽量拖住他们
祖寇，我们成功了
烈火国为了征服永固城已经花费了年
我背叛了皇叔
不，是他背叛了你
祖寇，等你班师回朝
父皇会视你为英雄
不过我没抓住神通，父皇又怎会恢复我的荣耀
祖寇，其实并不需要父皇
今天你已经找回了自己的荣耀
土强国...亡了
-=第二卷 终=-
</pre></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
